int simpson house  dining room  night)#(indignant) never thrown a party ? what about that big bash we had with all the champagne and musicians and holy men and everything ?
(indignant) never thrown a party ? what about that big bash we had with all the champagne and musicians and holy men and everything ?#(mulling it over low to himself) bart did not get one vote ? oh this is the worst thing that ever happened to us (trying to convince himself) alright allright spilled milk spilled milk spilled milk (noticing lisa) what are you so mopey about ?
mr bergstrom left today#oh
he is gone forever#and ?
i did not think you would understand#hey just because i do not care does not mean i do not understand
(fighting back tears) i am glad i am not crying because i would hate for you to think that what i am about to say is based on emotion but you sir are a baboon#(shocked) me ?
yes you baboon baboon baboon baboon#i do not think you realize what you are saying
whoa somebody was bound to say it one day i just can not believe it was her#(shocked) did you hear that marge ? she called me a baboon the stupidest ugliest smelliest ape of them all
homer you are not allowed to have hurt feelings right now there is a little girl upstairs who needs you her confidence in her father is shaken and no little girl can be happy unless she has faith in her daddy#(reading the sign) go away
(reading the sign) go away#lisa do not hold anything back you can tell me are you crying because you called daddy a baboon ?
no#nuts
nuts#(annoyed grunt) this is not going well at all
look if you just want me to forgive you #no no no i just wish i knew what to say
no no no i just wish i knew what to say#although maybe this will help now you lost someone special and it hurts i am lucky because i never lost anyone special to me everyone special to me is under this roof
that was our wedding#oh
(looks up) children it is time for you to go to bed#(pats her head) it is true now you will have lots of special people in your life lisa there is probably some place where they all get together and the food is real good and guys like me are serving drinks (beat) oh well maybe i can not explain all this but i can fix your doll house for you at least i am good at monkey work you know monkey you know what i mean ?
yeah#i can hold these nails in place with my tail
you are so silly#gimme a banana
i do not have any banana#come on you are holding out on me
i am sorry i called you a baboon dad#think nothing of it
think nothing of it#hey what is the matter son ?
(shaking head) ah dad if just me milhouse and lewis had voted#hey son would you have gotten any money for being class president ?
no#would you have to do extra work ?
yeah#and is this martin guy going to get to do anything neat like throw out the first ball at the world series huh ?
well no#so let the baby have his bottle huh ? that is my motto
(brightening) hey thanks monkeyman#holymoly talk about parenting
holymoly talk about parenting#uh oh
uh oh#sleep well maggie ah three for three
homie did you straighten everything out ?#(happily) up up up up up up do not say anything marge let's just go to bed i am on the biggest roll of my life
int simpson house  living room  night)#mmm hors doovers
homer you promised#i promised i would not eat ? never you lie
yeah you can not have any fun in bed#(knowing chuckle) oh son when you are older you will know better
(knowing chuckle) oh son when you are older you will know better#hmmm (smacks his lips) oh baby mmmm yeah
(flustered) oh they are here how does everything look ?#how do i look ?
do we have enough glasses ?#do we have enough gag ice cubs ?
homer homer put a record on#what are all our friends names again ?
hey homer care to try some of my flanders planters punch ?#why not ? i paid for it
why not ? i paid for it#hey flanders next time why do not you put a little alcohol in it ?
au contraire simpson it has three shots of rum a jigger of bourbon and just little dabaroo of creme de cassis for flavor (laughs)#really ? well i do have a warm sense of wellbeing and i seem to be ssslurring my shpeech you are right give me another
now homer go easy on the alkyhol remember last year at the winfield's party when you threw up in the laundry hamper ?#no
(making conversation) is that a new kind of mace ? (impressed) it is really painful#oh dr hibbert enjoying the party ?
uh no not really someone seems to have slipped one of those novelty ice cubes with a fake fly in my drink#(exploding laughing) it was me you fell for it
please dad#(oblivious laughing) you should see the look on your face it is priceless
(oblivious laughing) you should see the look on your face it is priceless#bart come over here
what ?#you little monkey you are a little monkey are not you ?
yes sir#bart do that thing you do that is so cute
what ?#that thing you know how to do
what ?#(long beat) go to bed
(long beat) go to bed#hey everybody look i am the funniest guy in the world
oh homer you are the king#i have been wantin' to tell you off for years but i have never had the nerve
homer i do not know you my wife and your wife are friends we met just three hours ago#(powerfully) you stink you and your whole lousy operation stinks i quit
(confused) uh gee homer do not quit#all right then
all right then#(huskily) could you give me a handful of peanuts maude ?
oh sure#not those peanuts (hoarsely) the ones at the bottom
not those peanuts (hoarsely) the ones at the bottom#(shudders with ecstasy)
i have never been so embarrassed in my life#(groggy) why ? what'd you do ?
(groggy) why ? what'd you do ?#marge
come here#wherewhere are we going ?
homer do you remember the way you acted at the party last night ?#the way i acted ?
int simpson house  living room)#(casual sophisticated whimsy) so i said i must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry martini
good lord there is a fly in my drink#(smiling) i put it there
(astonished) you did ?#i slipped it into your glass as a gag
homer i like to think that i am a patient tolerant woman and that there was no line you could cross that could make me stop loving you but last night you did not just cross that line you threw up on it#i am sorry honey can not we just forget it and go to church
i am going to church alone today you are going to stay here and explain to bart why you scarred him for life#no i did not i oh you mean inside do not you ?
int simpson house  bart's room)#about last night you might have noticed daddy acting a little strange and you probably do not understand why
i understand why you were wasted#i admit it i did not know when to say when i am sorry it happened and i just hope you did not lose a lot of respect for me
dad i have as much respect for you as i ever did or ever will#(touched) aw
now before i give you all a sneak preview of next week's sermon i have some announcements to make (looks at index card) we have some new pamphlets available in our church newsrack including "bible bafflers" "satan's boners" "good grief more satan's boners" and for the teens "it is not cool to fry in hell"#(quietly) marge marge
i am sorry the lord and i can not compete with the squeaking of homer simpson's shoes why do not we just put everything on hold until he takes a seat ?#sorry reverend
 or those just in need of a tuneup#hmmmm
will the simpsons be attending our little retreat ?#(faking enthusiasm) oh well it is very tempting really a wonderful idea
(faking enthusiasm) oh well it is very tempting really a wonderful idea#marge what are you doing ? are you insane ?
we will be there#(annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  master bedroom  next saturday morning)#marriage encounter weekend here i come
now you wanna go ?#(slyly) they are holding it at catfish lake they could not call it catfish lake if it did not have a catfish in it
oh my where are we supposed to get a sitter on such short notice ?#(false dismay) oh dear if we can not find a babysitter we can not go what a kick in the teeth
do not take that tone with me young lady or i will give you a taste of the back of me hand#no you do not
oh sure last resort old grampa the feeb the guy who can not be counted on for nothing no how dagnabit (sighs) everyone's agin me i will do it#marge just puttin' a few last things in the trunk
ext mountain road  a half hour later)#hmmm bait
int simpson car)#whoa better get some gas
whoa better get some gas#fill 'er up (to marge) i guess i will go and stretch my legs
where ya headed ?#catfish lake
oh after general sherman are ya ?#wait wait a minute wait a minute who is general sherman ?
he is only the biggest catfish in these parts#oh yeah
 they say he weighs upwards of five hundred pounds#whoa who says that ?
they do#oh
now that there is the only known picture of the general can not see what he is exactly he is freakishly big though#(thinks) hmmmm (announcement) gentlemen i am going to catch general sherman
why homer simpson here to give your marriage a little spit shine ?#none of your business flanders
none of your business flanders#uh say uh reverend are we gonna get a chance to do any fishing ?
oh i am afraid not a marriage can not be reconciled in a few hours homer it takes a whole weekend to do that#(disappointed) oh
(patting homer on the shoulder) we must bait our hooks with honesty that way a happy marriage (chuckle) will not be the one that got away#i see (beat) i also understand bowling expressions
sometimes maude god bless her she underlines passages in my bible because she can not find hers#lucky you do not keep guns in the house
homer why are you here ?#(into his chest) ohhh because i got drunk and looked down her dress (points his head towards maude)
no no homer marge is going to tell us all your faults why do not you tell us about hers ?#she is perfect
come on homer what are her faults ?#well sometimes that can be annoying
now marge do not interrupt you will get your turn#i am done
he forgets birthdays anniversaries holidays  both religious and secular  he chews with his mouth open he gambles he hangs out at a seedy bar with bums and lowlifes#(crying) it is true it is all true
homer do not interrupt#sorry
he blows his nose on the towels and puts them back in the middle#i only did that a couple of times
int dormitory cabin  five am)#(quietly) out at five catch general sherman at fivethirty clean him at six eat him at sixthirty back in bed by seven with no incriminating evidence (laughs) the perfect crime
homer you are sneaking out to go fishing ? i can not believe your selfishness you can go fishing anytime but we are here trying to save our marriage you are thinking about fishing even when i am talking right now right ?#would this be a good time to be honest ?
yes#you are right i am help me marge what do i do to be a good guy ?
get back in bed#no
no#(unhappy) all right but i can not sleep can i take a walk ?
ext lake  dawn)#(to himself) gotta be a good husband gotta be a good husband gotta be a good husband
(to himself) gotta be a good husband gotta be a good husband gotta be a good husband#hey kid you forgot your whoa
ext catfish lake  boat)#go ahead general sherman waste your strength you big ugly catfish i gotta skillet and a stick of butter with your name on it
ext catfish lake  int row boat  a little later)#good give up
good give up#(confused) huh ?
(confused) huh ?#(annoyed grunt)
ext catfish lake  int row boat)#okay fish you are probably wondering why i am still here catching you will make me the most famous fisherman there is right up there with (searching) that the a bald guy on that cable fishing show
okay fish you are probably wondering why i am still here catching you will make me the most famous fisherman there is right up there with (searching) that the a bald guy on that cable fishing show#whoa holy mackerel
ext catfish lake  int row boat)#(punching) i love you but i must kill you
ext catfish lake  int row boat)#(singing) i am the champions / i am the champions / no time for losers / cause i am the champions / of the worlllld
(singing) i am the champions / i am the champions / no time for losers / cause i am the champions / of the worlllld#uh oh
uh oh#hi honey uh oh how is the marriage retreat going ?
(angrily) we came to this retreat because i thought our marriage was in trouble but i never for a minute thought it was in this much trouble homer how can you expect me to believe#marge you do not know what this fish means this fish represents a better life for both of us this fish makes me a champion and a hero
to who ?#to those weirdos in the worm store
all this fish represents is just how selfish you are#well if that is the way you feel i will throw it back
oh yeah sure#watch
watch#(to himself amazed) wow i did it i gave up fame and breakfast for my marriage i fought it for six hours she says one word and i toss it back (to marge) and you are telling me our marriage is in trouble ? come here baby
int simpson house  a little later)#we are back
how is your marriage ?#same as usual perfectomundo
ohhh#i never knew what superman saw in her give me wonder woman (growls) and that golden lariat she can tie me up any time (barks) (howls)
homer#i was just kidding marge (changing subject) hey what does everyone say to dinner at krusty burger ? my treat
(kissing up) all right homer whoa you really are a sport dad taking us out to a fine restaurant like krusty burger#(suspicious) all right what are you getting at ?
i need a hundred dollars for a comic book#a hundred bucks ? for a comic book ? who drew it michamalangelo ?
oh please dad i want this more than anything in the world#well ts
please dad#no
please dad#no
please dad#no
please dad#no
please dad#no
please dad#no
please dad#no
please dad#(shouting) no (kindly) now look son we all know that usually when you bug me like this i give in so i am not mad at you for trying it shows you have been paying attention but we all know i am not gonna give you a hundred dollars now are you gonna stop bugging me ?
no#are you ?
no#are you ?
no#are you ?
no#are you ?
no#are you ?
no#are you ?
no#are you ?
no#are you ?
no#are you ?
no#are you ?
(after a pause screaming) okay#(gloating) hee hee i win in your face yeah how do you like them apples ? woo hoo hoo
get a job were they serious ? i did not realize it at the time but a little piece of my childhood had slipped away forever#bart what are you staring at ?
he did not say it and neither did i but at that moment my dad and i were closer than we ever#bart stop it
so long officers (sees homer) uhoh#hey what is all the  (gasps)
hey what is all the  (gasps)#(weeping) my beer my beer my beautiful beer
(grumbling) moon pies my butt somebody oughta moon pie her#what is the problem boy ?
i have been bustin' my hump all week for that withered old clam and all i got was fifty cents#hey when i was your age fifty cents was a lot of money
(skeptical) really ?#(pause) nah
dad i have done everything i could and i have only got thirtyfive bucks ugh i am through with working working is for chumps#son i am proud of you i was twice your age before i figured that out
homer it is really coming down could you check on the boys ?#they are fine
ext simpson house  the next morning)#(annoyed grunt)
ah chief wiggum archbishop mcgee distinguished guests i am pleased to dedicate this emergency warning system in the uh off chance of a nuclear disaster this sign will tell you the good citizens of springfield what to do#(chuckling) joke's on them if the core explodes there will not be any power to light that sign (laugh)
int nuclear power plant  afternoon)#how many hairs on my head ? without looking
i do not wanna (laughs)#(incredulous) i can not believe you guys there is a human being out there with millions of dollars who needs our help and you do not wanna cash in ? that is why you losers are stuck in this crummy dead end job
you know homer i am your supervisor#sorry sir
it is like an ox only it has a hump and a dewlap (singsong to maggie) hump and dewlap hump and dewlap#marge marge what is my blood type ?
apositive#(disappointed) aw nuts extremely rare blood and i do not have it
sixteen permanent eight baby#earmuffs
oh homie you have lots of hair why did you want to know your blood type ?#aw old man burns is gonna kick off if he does not get some doubleonegative blood but nobody at the plant has it
bart does#(ecstatic) woo yes all right woo congratulations boy you have got a date with a needle
hey wait a minute i do not have to give blood i have rights you know#yeah you have the right to remain silent
(annoyed grunt)#bart it is not like i am asking you to give blood for free that would be crazy you are a little young to understand this but when you save a rich man's life he showers you with riches do not you know the story of hercules and the lion ?
is it a bible story ?#yeah probably anyway once upon a time there was a big mean lion who got a thorn in his paw and all the village people tried to pull it out but nobody was strong enough so they got hercules and hercules used his mighty strength and bingo anyway the moral is the lion was so happy he gave hercules this big thing of riches
how did a lion get rich ?#it was the olden days
ext bloodmobile  next morning)#(knocking) hey let's go emergency lifeordeath here
oh yeah during the day all my friends are in school so i got a job as a certified bloodletting tech dude#now let's get the show on the road
homer brave young bart i do not know which one to hug first#eh the boy
(sees lenny) (chuckles) oh hey there mr brown shoes how about that local sports team ? hm ?#(amazed) mr burns he is okay jackpot
int simpson house  living room  evening)#bill bill summons bill (gasps) (sees return address) wait a minute from cm burns ? is this it ? yes this is it woohoo woo
bill bill summons bill (gasps) (sees return address) wait a minute from cm burns ? is this it ? yes this is it woohoo woo#marge lisa maggie let's do this out in the yard where the neighbors can see
marge lisa maggie let's do this out in the yard where the neighbors can see#lisa dim the lights no turn on more lights but do something
yes dad#it is a little thin but that is okay could be a check
the meaning of what ?#"better half" marge "better half"
ext radio station  night)#all right there is no check just a card but do not panic i am sure it tells us what we are getting and where we can pick it up (reads) "dear bart thank you kindly for the blood yours truly montgomery burns" (annoyed grunt) it is just a card
all right there is no check just a card but do not panic i am sure it tells us what we are getting and where we can pick it up (reads) "dear bart thank you kindly for the blood yours truly montgomery burns" (annoyed grunt) it is just a card#this is some way to show your gratitude no gold no diamonds no rubies not even a lousy card wait a minute there was a card (furious) that is what got me so mad in the first place
homer you do not do things like that to be rewarded you do them because a fellow human being needs a helping hand#marge you are my wife and i love you very much but you are living in (fairy voice) a world of makebelieve with flowers and bells and leprechauns and magic frogs with funny little hats
yeah mom we got hosed#bart
we gave an old man a second chance#i promised my boy one simple thing lots of riches and that man broke my promise well i have had it bart take a letter
lots of riches and that man broke my promise well i have had it bart take a letter#(dictating) "dear mr burns i am so glaaad you enjoyed my son's blood and your caard was just great in case you can not tell i am being sarcastic you stink" could you read that last part back to me ?
(matter of factly) "you stink"#(chuckles) good "you are a senile bucktoothed old mummy with bony girl arms and you smell like"
an elephant's butt ?#(chuckling) "an elephant's butt"
but he is your boss do you have to mail it right this minute ?#yup
you are still angry homer why do not you sleep on it ?#forget it marge
please homie ? for me ?#(softening) oh all right (grumbling) you always do that hand thing and it usually works
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#cheap sonofa
homer breakfast is ready#(in his sleep) hmmm
(in his sleep) hmmm#(mouth full) oh marge you saved me from making a big mistake y'know i finally understand the meaning of (taking another bite) mmphm hnmph
oh thank you#(looks around) where is the letter ?
int simpson house  kitchen  morning)#(panicked) where is it ? (groan)
homer i do not think it is in the cornstarch canister#(frantic) well it is somewhere it did not just get up and walk away
(frantic) well it is somewhere it did not just get up and walk away#bart have you seen the letter ?
yup#all right (slowly) think very carefully where did you see it last ?
(imitating homer slowly) the last place i saw it#uh huh
was in my hand#yeah
as i was shoving it into the mailbox#(pained grunt) why did you do that ?
dad there were things in the letter that had to be said and i know you you are an emotional guy just because you were mad last night is no guarantee you would be mad in the morning so i#i will show you mad in the morning
homer you encouraged him you should be strangling yourself#(starts crying) she is right (to himself) okay think homer do not panic they do not pick up the mail till noon there is still time
ext street  corner mailbox  day)#(reaching around) ow ow ow ow ow ow ow
give it up homer it is locked up tight#(slyly) locked eh ? well i just might have a little surprise up my sleeve for old mr lock step aside boy
why the hose homer ?#what does it look like ? i will get our letter so wet the ink will run and no one will be able to read it
yeah but do not other people have mail in there ?#so a few people will not get a few letters boohoo you know the kinda letters people write "dear somebodyyouneverheardof how is soandso ? blah blah blah blah blah blah blah yours truly some bozo" big loss
"dear somebodyyouneverheardof how is soandso ? blah blah blah blah blah blah blah yours truly some bozo" big loss#now bart you keep an eye out for the mailman just give me some kind of signal
dad the mailman is here#that is a good one we will use that
no i mean the mailman's here#(screams)
(seeing hose) dear god are you planning to water the mail ?#uh uh ii guess it would not do any good to run 'cause you are our mail lady and you know my name and address and everything huh ?
(maliciously) that is right#well i am still gonna run
int post office  day)#(to postal worker fake voice) hello my name is mr burns i believe you have a letter for me
okay mr burns what is your first name ?#(confident) i do not know
(confident) i do not know#(sour) great plan bart
ooh look maggie what is that ? dodecahedron dodecahedron#lisa i do not know what you are doing but it is very strange and your father is trying to worry
int power plant  hallway  early morning)#(catching his mistake) oops
(catching his mistake) oops#twenty eight minutes till burns comes time for operation mail take
(noticing) oh do not be frightened of this it is nothing but a letter opener who are you ?#homer simpson
simpson eh ? simpson (looks at letters) oh why there is a letter here from you i will just read it right now (reads) "dear mr burns i am so glad you enjoyed my son's blood and your card was just great" (chuckles to homer) why simpson you have made my day you are a true gentleman#(chuckling nervously) yeah well i will be on my 
(reading) "you stink you are a senile bucktoothed" (with growing anger) "old mummy with bony girl arms and you smell like an elephant's butt"#hey c'mon joey do you have to twist my arm ?
int simpson house  kitchen  night)#oh i have never seen mr burns this mad and he is always kinda mad
(sympathetic moan)#me and my big letter writing pen
honey what is done is done no matter what happens we will pull through we always do#okay here's the plan you can move in with your sisters and raise the kids and i will die in a gutter it is practical and within our means
okay here's the plan you can move in with your sisters and raise the kids and i will die in a gutter it is practical and within our means#(annoyed grunt)
what is the matter homer ? you are not your normal effervescent self#i got my problems moe give me another one
int simpson house  living room  day)#oh woe is me
(gasps) oh my it is mr burns#(shrieks)
wait dad he is smiling#mr burns you brought us a present
it is to open the crate stupid#(aside to marge) what did i tell you ? i will bet it is filled with diamonds rubies sapphires pearls
(sweetly) no maggie not aztec olmec olmec#marge what does it do ?
it does not do anything#(irritated) marge really what does it do ?
sir you are my god of generosity#(bitterly) save a guy's life and whattaya get ? nothin' worse than nothin' just a big scary rock
well then i guess the moral is "no good deed goes unrewarded"#wait a minute if i hadn't written that nasty letter we would not have gotten anything
perhaps there is no moral to this story#exactly it is just a bunch of stuff that happened
but it certainly was a memorable few days#amen to that
i tried to stop her but she overpowered me#(panicky) who stole my shirt ? who stole my shirt ?
i washed it#(warmly) oh thank you marge  (shrieks) pink ?
(warmly) oh thank you marge  (shrieks) pink ?#(scared) marge i can not wear a pink shirt to work everybody wears white shirts i am not popular enough to be different
now homer do not panic you have plenty of white shirts#oh gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme
oh gimme gimme gimme gimme gimme#(frantic) oh no pink pink pink (sobbing) it is all over marge it is all over
ah my lucky red hat clean as a whistle#you you did this to me
it has pink frosting#mmm thanks  it looks (catching on) hey wait a minute just because i am wearing a pink shirt it does not mean i am some kind of a pink doughnuteater (licking lips) although it is tempting 
let's go pinky#(whimpering) you do not understand my son just threw his red hat in with the white laundry
well monty it used to be that establishing a patient's sanity took months that is all changed thanks to the "marvin monroe take home personality test" twenty simple questions that will determine just how crazy or (air quotes) meshuggenah someone is#(reading form) print name ? (worried moan)
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#honey do me a favor fill out this form
(reading) homer this is an intimate psychological profile i can not fill this out for you#all right all right (under breath) i will get lisa to do it
all right all right (under breath) i will get lisa to do it#lisa you like homework could you fill out this form for me ?
well all right  if you listen to the poem i just wrote#(annoyed grunt) okay
(reading) meditations on turning eight by lisa simpson (passionately) i had a cat named snowball  she died she died mom said she was sleeping  she lied she lied why oh why is my cat dead ? could not that chrysler hit me instead ? (pause then) i had a hamster named snuffy  he died #no deal
dad maybe you should do this#son it is no different than the time i let you vote for me remember that absentee ballot ?
"man breaking hip"#(laughs)
(chuckling) "dog on fire" (dog voice) ruff anybody order a hot dog ?#(laughing uproariously) look at him
and finally "baby with a nail gun"#awww
okay it is time to cast your votes now#dog on fire dog on fire
hey dad (reading a question) "do you hear voices ?"#yes i am hearing one right now while i am trying to watch tv
(writing) yes (reading) "are you quick to anger ?"#bart shut up or i will shut you up
int power plant  room 101  the next day)#(hopeful) so did i pass ?
int new bedlam  admitting office  a little later)#(thinking) the devil with his fly open
right#(thinking) that is a spill on a floor with bugs goin' after it they are gonna eat it
good#(lunging) arrghh
(snooty french laughter)#the boy this is not fair how can you tell who is sane and who is insane ?
put him in with the big white guy who thinks he is a little black guy#who are you ?
hi i am michael jackson from the jacksons#i am homer simpson from the simpsons
i can not believe you have never heard of me i am a very popular entertainer#(covering) oh of course i have heard of you i mean you would have to be living under a rock not to know  what'd you say your name was ?
michael jackson#does not ring a bell
"thriller ?"#what was that last one ?
"thriller"#nope
well how about this ? (sings) billie jean is not my lover / she is just a girl who says that i am the one / but the kid is not my son hee hee hee#wow how do you do that thing with your feet ?
the moonwalk ?#no that thing with your feet
here look just raise your heel a bit and put a little pressure on the ball of your foot#(annoyed grunt)
you seem like a nice guy why'd they put you in here ?#(sourly) because i wore a pink shirt
i understand people thought i was crazy for the way i dressed#what'd you wear ?
one white glove covered with rhinestones#(rubbing finger over lips) bblbblbblbbl
int new bedlam  rec room  late afternoon)#hey michael i do not get it these guys seem as normal as you and me
homer this is floyd (whispers) he is an idiot savant give him any two numbers and he can multiply them in his head just like that (snaps fingers)#(thinks) okay five times nine
(blankly) fortyfive#wowww
we call this guy the chief he is been here since 1968 never says a word never moves a muscle#hey chief
well it is about time somebody reach out to me#gee i gotta call my family
gee i gotta call my family#oh this is so embarrassing calling 'em from a nut house i mean they think i am a god
i could call them for you#oh great and uh try to put a good face on this tell them this is one of those places where rich women lose weight
hmmmm lobotomy#(flatly) that is all right son
(bronson voice) forget it pal there is only one way out of here and it ain't pretty#what is that ?
what is wrong homer ?#this place is so strange mike i am ashamed to admit it to another guy but i am scared
(singing) homer the two of us need look no more / we both found what we were looking for / with a friend to call my own / i will never be alone / and you my friend will see / you have got a friend in me#(drifting off to sleep) pancakes football boobies
okay so i was working at an insurance company right ? huh youngest vp in the history of the firm okay ? the job was my life then one monday morning (clears throat) i got up and i could not leave the house i just could not#was the door locked ?
no i just could not face what was out there#was it raining ?
thank you anyway that day i knew ii just could not make that long drive to work#were you out of gas ?
were you out of gas ?#(scoffs) baby
you mean there really is a bart ? good lord#mmm pancakes
oh mr simpson you have got a visitor#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#marge
mr simpson after talking to your wife we believe you are no threat to yourself or others#that is the most flattering thing anyone has ever said to me could i have it in writing please ?
of course#(reading) "not insane"
i am proud of you homer#thanks a lot michael you really helped me get through this if you ever find your marbles come visit us
well how about today ? i am only here voluntarily#you are ? why ?
int new bedlam  rec room  continuous)#(angry) boy when i get home i am going to wrap my hands around your neck 
(angry) boy when i get home i am going to wrap my hands around your neck #(changing tone sweetly)  and smother you with kisses
homer whatever they have got you on cut the dose#now listen i am bringing michael jackson home to stay with us for a few days (to michael condescending) is not that cute  he is heard of you (to bart) now make sure we have plenty of cold cuts and put some beer on ice
(leaning in) um homer i am a vegetarian and i do not drink#(suspicious) are you sure you are here voluntarily ?
(to news camera) and the guy in the pink shirt is the father of the family who it turns out was just released from a mental hospital#thanks everybody it is great to be sane
thanks everybody it is great to be sane#here he is here's the guy you wanna see
huh ?#(still clueless) huh ? huh ?
i thought so oh bart you#(grunt) come off i am sane now
this is my real voice my name is leon kompowski and i am a brick layer from patterson new jersey all my life i was very angry until one day i just (like michael) talked like this (leon voice) all of a sudden everybody was smiling at me and i was only doin' good on this earth so i kept on doin' it to make a tired point which one of us is truly crazy ?#not me i got this (holds up his certificate)
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#stupid junk mail (reads sneering) "you may have already won" yeah win this (discards it) "here's good news for homer simpsoy" i will see that he gets it (discards it) how dumb do they think i am ?
stupid junk mail (reads sneering) "you may have already won" yeah win this (discards it) "here's good news for homer simpsoy" i will see that he gets it (discards it) how dumb do they think i am ?#(taken in) huh ? a check ?
(taken in) huh ? a check ?#(gasp) one million dollars ? i am rich (strange moan hyperventilates)
mr simpson i can assure you this "check" of yours is nonnegotiable#oh yeah ? well what makes you so damn sure ?
you see where it says "voidvoidvoid" and "this is not a check" ? "cash value one twentieth of a cent" ? "mr banker do not honor"#shut up
int simpson house  living room  later)#i had a feeling it was too good to be true every time you get a million dollars something queers the deal
(holding magazine) well at least we got a free sample of reading digest#marge i never read a magazine in my life and i am not gonna start now
marge i never read a magazine in my life and i am not gonna start now#hey a cartoon
hey a cartoon#(reading caption) "well dear you always wanted a compact"  (chuckle) ain't it the truth
(firmly) no it is not the truth homer it is well documented that women are safer drivers than men#oh marge cartoons do not have any deep meaning they are just stupid drawings that give you a cheap laugh
hey einstein put down your readin' it is lunchtime#(engrossed) nah you go ahead
hey you do not wanna eat ? what'd ya do get one of them stomach staples ?#(consults page smugly) as tolstoy said in "quotable notables" "give me learning sir and you may keep your black bread"
but irrigation can save your people chief smiling bear#marge look at them staring at that idiot box god forbid they would ever read something and improve their minds
important#ooh how about the "v" ?
ooh how about the "v" ?#it is not just one magazine marge they take hundreds of magazines filter out the crap and leave you with something that fits right in your front pocket
it is not just one magazine marge they take hundreds of magazines filter out the crap and leave you with something that fits right in your front pocket#those kids do not know what they are missing
hey what gives man ?#we are all gonna sit down as a family and listen to an inspiring story of wilderness survival
we are all gonna sit down as a family and listen to an inspiring story of wilderness survival#(reading) "then i heard the sound that all arctic explorers dread the pitiless bark of the sea lion" (terrified) he will be killed
homer he obviously got out alive if he wrote the article#(knowing) do not be so
(knowing) do not be so#oh you are right
(amorously) homie put down your magazine for a minute#hmph ?
i thought you might want to snuggle#that reminds me (flips to article) "seven ways to spice up your marriage"
that reminds me (flips to article) "seven ways to spice up your marriage"#(stiffly) marge you have a nice body and if you would like to see me in a costume you have only to ask
where did you get the idea for this mom ?#where do you think ? (pats magazine) this baby never steers you wrong and it was free free
it certainly has enriched our lives#(looks at last page) wow "win a trip to washington dc" "all expenses paid vip tour" (reads more disappointed) oh it is for kids
very#ooh and miss ? just one more question 
thanks for driving me to the contest dad#sweetheart there is nothing i would not do for that magazine
(reads) "so burn the flag if you must but before you do you would better burn a few other things you better burn your shirt and your pants be sure to burn your tv and car oh yes and do not forget to burn your house because none of those things could exist without six white stripes seven red stripes and a hell of a lotta stars" thank you very much#yeah damn right
are you a professional writer ?#(shaking head) uhuh
are you interested in politics or government ?#("iunno")
are you interested in anything ?#("iunno")
lisa after meeting your father i have decided to award you an additional five points congratulations you and your family are going to washington#woo hoo (hugs lisa) who would've guessed reading and writing would pay off ?
yes sir can i get you something ?#(ticking them off with his fingers) playing cards notepad aspirin sewing kit pilot's wing pin propellorshaped swizzle stick sleeping mask and anything else i have got coming to me
int cabin  continuous)#we are all gonna die
ext airport)#look marge that guy has the same last name we do(passing limo driver) taxi
oooh look homer the irs#(yells out window) booooo
(exploring room) homer look they give you a shower cap and body gel and bathrobes(points) ooh and a welcoming mint on your pillow#wowww  a shoehorn just like in the movies
wowww  a shoehorn just like in the movies#shoe goes on shoe goes off shoe goes on shoe goes off shoe goes on shoe goes off
(beat) mommm#(annoyed grunt) stupid welcoming mint (answers the phone) y'ello
(lady's voice) good morning this is your wakeup call#wakeup call ? (checks watch) it is two am
sorry fatso#free food ?
lisa ? i am faith crowley patriotism editor of reading digest#ooh i love your magazine my favorite section is "how to increase your word power" that thing is really really really good
(hands them badges) these are special vip badges they will get you into places other tourists never see#miss ? what does the "i" stand for ?
ext back yard  continuous)#ah (beat) what does the "i" stand for again ?
(reading) "on this spot richard nixon bowled backto back300 games"#(sarcastic) yeah right
int bureau of engraving and printing)#mmmmmm money
folks we print more than eighteen million bills a day (slyly) oh and in case you were wondering no we we do not give out free samples#(bitterly) lousy cheap country
int nat'l air and space museum  airplane section)#bart get out of the spirit of st louis
ext washington monument)#hey what is so funny ?
hey what is so funny ?#oh marge grow up
i am too excited to sleep anyone up for the winifred beecher howe memorial ?#(still half asleep) who is that ?
(enthusiastic) thank you#bart are you ready to go to (shriek) i will room service you
lisa what is gotten into you ?#yeah your other speech was a little more crowd pleasin'
extra extra feds nab rotten rep#gimme one of those
miss crowley thank you for this oversized novelty check i would like to share this honor with all of my fellow essayists particularly the courageous lisa simpson whose inflammatory rhetoric reminded us that the price of freedom is eternal vigilance#(yells) give her the check
(yells) give her the check#(to self) i was serious
(chuckling) why homer you silly goose the weed whacker's just for the edges you are gonna be out here all day#(turning off whacker) i am almost done
you are a picture and a half (giggles) well  hee hee  if you are finished by tomorrow come on over and strap on the feed bag we are gonna fire up old propane elaine and put the heat to the meat nummy nummy num (chuckles)#i will be there (under his breath) noty noty not
i think it means he is having a barbecue#(exasperated) well why does not he just say so ?
he is trying to be friendly you know if you gave ned flanders a chance #oh here we go again look i do not care if ned flanders is the nicest guy in the world he is a jerk end of story
we can not hold it against him just because he has things a little better than we do #excuse me ? better ? thanks a lot marge you really put me in my place
oh homer#do not get me wrong it is worth feeling three inches tall to find out what kind of a person you really are marge simpson president of the international we love flanders fan club
(canadian accent) and so the saskatchewan rough riders who scored only four rouges all last season jack get the kicker they so sorely need#(muttering) stupid flanders always showing off go ahead marge have a ball what if they game back and i was dead from not eating ? they'd cry their eyes out we should have never gone to the flanders' oh why did we go to the flanders' house and leave homer all alone with no food and i'd be laughing laughing from my grave (laughs)
(muttering) stupid flanders always showing off go ahead marge have a ball what if they game back and i was dead from not eating ? they'd cry their eyes out we should have never gone to the flanders' oh why did we go to the flanders' house and leave homer all alone with no food and i'd be laughing laughing from my grave (laughs)#what is it boy ? (sniffs) what ? (gasp) mmmmmmmm barbque (smacks lips)
what is it boy ? (sniffs) what ? (gasp) mmmmmmmm barbque (smacks lips)#(fast) hey everyone i am back great to see ya nice seein' ya
ext street  day)#hey no tagbacks
(to bart) you lie like a fly with a booger in its eye#(chuckle) the fly was funny and a booger was the icing on the cake (chuckles)
friends we love you all but i also have a (slyly) "sinister" motive for asking you all here  "sinister" being latin for "lefthanded" (chuckles) but enough joking#that was a joke ?
so homer i am dyin' to know what do you think of the leftorium ?#uh sounds like a pretty dumb idea to me
well i know it is a little risky and it is gonna be a lot of hard work but gosh darn it it is gonna be a lot of fun too#fun ? where is this store flanders ? the merry old land of oz ?
oh here you two make a wish#nah
it is fun#no it is not
you must have something you want to wish for homer#hmm let's see
hmm let's see#nah
nah#hmmm
hmmm#heyyyy
come on homer i got an ambition to do some wishin'#(annoyed) keep your pants on flanders i am wishing as fast as i can
(annoyed) keep your pants on flanders i am wishing as fast as i can#ooooh
ooooh#(chuckles)
(chuckles)#mmmm  too far
mmmm  too far#(to flanders) okay ready
(to flanders) okay ready#yesssss oh yessss (shoving bone in flanders' face) read it and weep in your face i have got more chicken bone
no no no do not say otherwise it will not come true#oooh that would be a shame
oooh that would be a shame#would not it flanders ? (chuckle)
yeah but what are ya gonna do ?#marge tv gives so much and asks so little it is a boy's best friend
that sounds fine bart#see marge ? you knock tv and then it helps you out i think you owe somebody a little apology
int springfield mall  next day)#well if it is not the leftorium
int store)#ow ow ow ow
ow ow ow ow#hey flanders how is business ?
absotively posilutely (chuckles)#so flanders have you sold anything ?
int simpson house  dining room  night)#(chuckling) i am telling you flanders' store was deeserted so what do you think of your bestest buddy now marge ?
dad do you know what schadenfreude is ?#(sighs) no i do not know what schadenfreude is please tell me because i am dying to know
it is the german term for "shameful joy"  taking pleasure in the suffering of others#oh come on lisa i am just glad to see him fall flat on his butt he is usually all happy and comfortable and surrounded by loved ones and it makes me feel what is the opposite of that shameful joy thing of yours ?
sour grapes#boy those germans have a word for everything
so bart what did you learn in karate school today ?#yeah come on boy this better be worth my ten bucks
uh i learned the touch of death#(impressed) ooh the touch of death
all right comin' through outta my way move it along step aside lady#hey boy how was class ?
today we learned how to rip a man's heart out and show it to him before he dies#oh that'll learn 'im
(disgusted) pinking shears ? let's go to the food court and steal some baked potatoes#hey flanders when are your busy hours ?
hey homer how is your neighbor's store doing ?#lousy he just sits there all day he'd have a great job if he did not own the place (chuckles)
(struggling with corkscrew) crummy righthanded corkscrews what does he sell ?#uh well actually moe
int nuclear power plant  day)#apple apple apple (mad) come on candy bar hey i know you you are that first apple i did not want that sinks it i am really gonna let 'em have it this time
(genial) ah look smithers another member of our nuclear family with some helpful suggestions and what is your name ?#homer simpson sir
oh it is a real one (reading) "no more apples in the vending machine please" (chuckles) well that is almost a sentence#can i leave mr burns ?
oh of course and do not worry (as if to a child) there'll be plenty of apples for you nobody will take away your precious apples#(puzzled) but the note was asking you to 
damned infernal gizmo my kingdom for a lefthanded can opener#um mr burns
come on homer tell him about the store i am dyin' out here#sorry flanders
ext street  flanders' house)#huh ?
(calling after him) hey i am flexible you do not have to pay all at once (pathetic) i will be here all night if you change your mind#hey flanders is everything okay ?
(covering) oh yeah sure thought i'd just get rid of some of the clutter see anything you like ?#(mad) oh i get it it is not good enough for you but it is good enough for me well i would not be caught dead buying this hello
ah got your eye on the gas grill she is a butane beaut#i will give you twenty bucks for it
twenty ? homer i paid three hundred dollars for this just last year#you were swindled my friend twenty bucks take it or leave it
oh homer be reasonable#(venomous baby talk) sorry no cash for neddie homer keep all money bye bye neddie bye bye
(sighs) all right homer#twenty dollars ?
twenty dollars#(thinks it over) now i do not want it
(frantic) what ?#i changed my mind it was a passing fancy although perhaps if you threw in a few lawn chairs maybe that tool bench it might rekindle my interest
ext simpson house  backyard  later)#(flanders imitation) hey bartle eeboobely care for a steakarooney ?
sounds scrumpdidlyumptious dear old daddlydoodly#daddlydoodly (chuckles)
homer this is the flanders' entire living room set how much did you pay for this ?#only seventyfive beans
good afternoon sir i am chuck ellis from the springfield collection agency and i am here to ask you why you do not think you need to pay your bills#(distraught) oh i know i need to pay them but there is just so many
does it make you feel good about yourself to owe people money ? (sternly) we have been very patient with you mr flanders#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#i know but wait a minute i am homer simpson ned flanders lives over there
oh#flanders is in debt ? are you sure ?
damn righthanded ledgers can not write in these things#uh there is a store where
(looking at ledger) hey you said you are homer simpson ?#yeah
see you on thursday#(annoyed grunt)
int springfield mall  next day)#knock 'em dead boy kid's gonna be a black belt in no time
knock 'em dead boy kid's gonna be a black belt in no time#(sad sound)
homer over here#(awkward) oh flanders i uh want to give you your stuff back
well there is no house to put it in homer not since that nice fellow from the bank who was only doing his job came and locked it up#(pointing) you are gonna live in your car ?
listen to that singing those poor fools (getting teary) homer i am ruined#(upset) i know
you know at times like these ii used to turn to the bible and find solace but even the good book can not help me now#why not ?
i sold it to you for seven cents#oh
(starts to cry) you know ever since that barbecue nothing's gone right it is like there is been aa curse on me#(sobbing) oh it is all my fault
(sobbing) no it is not#yes it is
no you tried to warn me about gambling my family's future on some pig in a poke i did not listen homer you were a true friend#(sobbing) no i was a swine
(sobbing) no i was a swine#listen flanders do you still have that store ?
for two more days then it becomes libertarian party headquarters i hope they have better luck than i did#flanders you open that store tomorrow
oh homer there is no point#i said do it
i said do it#(into phone) hello jerry ? homer simpson remember last month when i paid back that loan ? well now i need you to do a favor for me
hurry neddie hurry oh golly it is a miracle#c'mon you lefties what'd i tell you ?
homer ?#it is all here and it is all backwards that is right
homer affordable tract housing made us neighbors but you made us friends#to ned flanders the richest left handed man in town
(with scorn) no one wants your stupid police badge bart#hey look what i got a genuine official police badge(officiously) calling all cars come out with your hands up
hey that is my badge homer#that is officer homer heh heh heh heh
(concerned) bart your father and i do not want you doing that (beat) homer say something#(concerned) how much does it pay ?
(proudly) thirty bucks a week#pfft i make more than that
good for you chief#(gasps) bart have you started smoking ?
no#do not lie to me boy
do not lie to me boy#aha cigarettes just as i thought
they are not mine my boss said his warehouse was full#yeah right son i am gonna teach you a lesson (sticking cigarette in bart's mouth) i am going to stand here and watch you smoke every one of those cigarettes then maybe you will learn
hey kid you look good with that cigarette kind of sophisticated#(embarrassed) son i will never doubt you again
the kiss of death that is all i need#a job's a job i mean take me if my plant pollutes the water and poisons the town by your logic that would make me a criminal
int simpson house  master bedroom  continuous)#see ? it was all your imagination
homer i want you to go down to that club and talk to them just see what kind of people they are please homie ?#oh all right
int club  that night)#hee hee heeheehee read 'em and weep boys another pair of sixes
you win again homer#(chuckles)
i am thrilled you have decided to let your boy continue to work here#you know if you need a hat check girl i have got a daughter
homer what did you find out ?#marge the only thing going on down there was a lot of male bonding
ext prison  continuous  dawn)#(chanting) kill my boy kill my boy
(very disappointed) oh bart why could not you have gotten a paper route like other boys#(grimly) wait till i get you home boy
(trying to help bart) mr simpson you have been the boy's father for ten years do you really think he could be the leader of a murderous criminal syndicate ?#well not the leader i mean (cracking) oh it is true it is true all the pieces fit (sobbing)
principal skinner#(baffled) i thought he was dead
to get my mind off that ugly confrontation i went home and began bundling my old newspapers (dramatically) but suddenly the pile fell i was trapped let this be a lesson to recycle frequently#eww lemon ugh cherry hmm custard mmm purple
cool#(to marge) hey when do we get the check for this ?
well they said they changed it just enough so they do not have to pay us#(moans) you know who the real crooks are ? those sleazy hollywood producers
int simpson house  kitchen)#here's good news according to this eyecatching article sat scores are declining at a slower rate
dad i think this paper is a flimsy hodgepodge of pie graphs factoids and larry king#hey this is the only paper in america that is not afraid to tell the truth that everything is just fine
just give the great unwashed a pair of oversized breasts and a happy ending and they will 'oink' for more every time#what a movie and that blonde cutie does she have assets (pig snorts)
int homer's work station  continuous)#huh ? (listens) noise (listens closer) bad noise
five minutes before critical mass#critical wha ? (calming himself) okay okay do not panic whosever problem this is i am sure they know how to handle it
critical wha ? (calming himself) okay okay do not panic whosever problem this is i am sure they know how to handle it#huh ? ahhh it is my problem we are doomed
int homer's work station  continuous)#gotta think gotta think okay somewhere there is a thingee that tells you how to work this stuff the um the uh the manual the manual right
gotta think gotta think okay somewhere there is a thingee that tells you how to work this stuff the um the uh the manual the manual right#uhhuh (screams) it is as fat as a phone book (opens manual reads) "congratulations on your purchase of a fissionator 1952 slow fission reactor (annoyed grunt) get to the point man ooh what is this ?
uhhuh (screams) it is as fat as a phone book (opens manual reads) "congratulations on your purchase of a fissionator 1952 slow fission reactor (annoyed grunt) get to the point man ooh what is this ?#(annoyed grunt) who'd have thought a nuclear reactor would be so complicated
int homer's work station  continuous)#i do not understand anything when they look up stupid in the dictionary there'll be a picture of me
one minute to core meltdown#shut up
shut up#simpson it is all up to you it is showtime
simpson it is all up to you it is showtime#okay okay think back to your training
now homer this may very well save your life one day this homer#yes
please pay attention this button here controls the emergency override circuit in the event of a meltdown push this button and only this button#ooh a side
simpson ?#(annoyed) what ?
do you see which button i am pushing ?#(not looking up from cube) yeah yeah yeah push the button got it
(not looking up from cube) yeah yeah yeah push the button got it#(to cube) this is all your fault (looks at the buttons) okay gotta pick a button pick a button pick a button (beat) uh one potato two potato three potato four no wait bubble gum bubble gum in a dish how many pieces do you wish ? no no
fifteen seconds to core meltdown#eenie meenie minee moe catch a tiger by the toe if he hollers let him go eenie meenie minee (covers his eyes)moe
yeah we owe you one#hey you know boys a nuclear reactor's a lot like a woman you just have to read the manual and press the right button
and to insure your immortality your heroic visage will be added to our wall of fame oh and uh what is this ? a congratulatory phone call from earvin "magic" johnson#(gasp) magic johnson y'ello
is this really homer simpson ?#yeah
wow homer i just used our last time out to call and congratulate you on diverting that nuclear holocaust#well thank you
i do not care#uh magic what if people think a guy's a hero but he was really just lucky ?
do not worry sooner or later people like that are exposed as the frauds they are#(sadly) thanks magic
(admiring) a role model in my very own home how convenient#(irritably) look i get enough admiration and respect at work i do not need it here at home
how are you enjoying your ham homie ?#(guiltily) it tastes so bitter it is like ashes in my mouth
maybe you ate a clove#(a bit annoyed) what is your problem boy ?
i had a fight with milhouse#that foureyes with the big nose ? you do not need friends like that
(looks up glowing) how zen#what ? what is it ? what are you doing ?
looking at you with quiet awe#well as long as it is quiet
ext springfield power plant  parking lot)#oooh right next to the boss eh he will never know who did it
ah simpson there is someone i want you to meet aristotle amadopolis owner of the shelbyville nuclear power facility#huh ? wha ?
(disdainfully) they have lost their zest for work you must help them find their (rapidly) eanaeeharatounahduleve#their eanaeeharatounahdulewhat ?
we want you to give them a pep talk that turns them from a bunch of donuteating goofoffs into a pack of homer simpsons#but i really can not tell them anything sir
he is just a little nervous (proudly) he has to give a speech tomorrow on "how to keep cool in a crisis"#(sobs) what am i gonna do ? what am i gonna do ?
hey i had to give a speech once i was pretty nervous so i used a little trick i pictured everyone in their underwear the judge the jury my lawyer everybody#did it work ?
poor guy#(clears throat) uh ladies and (he looks at his speech) gentlemen
just picture them in their underwear#(voice high and cracking) um grace under pressure is no
three minutes to meltdown#whew saved by the bell
just do what you did before#all right
int shelbyville plant  another area)#eeenie meenie minee moe catch a tiger by the toe (quickly) if he hollers let him go eenie meenie minee moe
thank you homer for saving my plant with that idiotic rhyming do you even know what button you pushed ?#sure moe
(ecstatic) god bless that clown#you think it is him ?
krusty you do not have to be "on" tonight#what are you talking about ? of course he does
(to monkey) go wait in the car#(moans) we could have seen a monkey
well alright i am a little rusty but um i will try baruch ata addonoy elohanu melech haolom hamotzee lechem mean haaretz#he is talking funny talk
no dad that is hebrew krusty must be jewish#a jewish entertainer ? get outta here
dad there are many prominent jewish entertainers including lauren bacall dinah shore william shatner and mel brooks#mel brooks is jewish ?
yes it is just that saying the brucha brings back a lot of painful memories (getting emotional) the old days my my father (starts to cry)#hey krusty are you gonna finish that meatloaf or what ?
come on#yeah krusty tell us
int simpson house  dining room  night)#boy you do not have to follow in my footsteps
do not worry i do not even like using the bathroom after you#why you little
do you have any yearbooks ?#(annoyed) no that is it you have seen everything
homer maybe you better take milhouse home#gladly
the presidential primaries are only a few months away (chuckles)#hey if you do not like it go to russia
trick or treat man#hey are not you a little old for this ? you are not even wearing costumes
hand over the candy old dude or we egg your house back to the stone age#(immediately conciliatory) here you go kids (nervous laughter) (closes door) lousy punks
(immediately conciliatory) here you go kids (nervous laughter) (closes door) lousy punks#(annoyed grunt)
we are home#get a good haul this year ?
heh heh hehjackpot#(tearyeyed) i am very very proud of you kids
(sarcastic) oh yeah three bad nightmares#(sarcastic) i'd like to see that (chuckles)
ext marrakesh  establishing  day)#what a dump why would princess grace live in a place like this ?
dad that is monaco#(annoyed grunt)
i can do that but i do not wanna#eeuhgh what is this thing ?
(feeling it) it is a monkey's paw dating back to allal ben abdallah it has the power to grant wishes to its owner#(intrigued) oh yeah ? how much ?
sir i must strongly advise you do not purchase this behind every wish lurks grave misfortune i myself was once president of algeria#c'mom pal i do not wanna hear your life story paw me
ugghh homer where did you get that ugly thing ?#why at that little shop right over (he points) there
why at that little shop right over (he points) there#(gasps then relieved) oh no wait it was over there
(shouting furiously in arabic)#(terrified) do not shoot do not shoot they are souvenirs
you must pay a fine of two american dollars#(small voice) okay
peace on earth#forget it you two as the pants wearer of this house i get the first wish
(dubiously) homer there is something i do not like about that severed hand#marge do not flake out on me that monkey's paw is gonna make our dreams come true
oh my land#ooh a luxury car good baby (hugs maggie) good maggie
ooh a new pacifier#(annoyed grunt)
okay no more fooling around paw this is bart i wish for the simpsons to be rich and famous#now you are talkin'
yaaayyy#woo hoo
woo hoo#c'mon everybody we are going to the fanciest restaurant in town
(distraught) oh homer this is awful#come to think of it the guy that sold me this thing did say the wishes would bring grave misfortune (beat) i thought he was just being colorful
(fervently) i wish for world peace#lisa that was very selfish of you
jeez now we are slaves this paw sucks#(nervously) ok ok i will make a wish that can not backfire (to paw) i wish for a turkey sandwich on rye bread with lettuce and mustard andand i do not want any zombie turkeys i do not want to turn into a turkey myself and i do not want any other weird surprises you got it ?
(nervously) ok ok i will make a wish that can not backfire (to paw) i wish for a turkey sandwich on rye bread with lettuce and mustard andand i do not want any zombie turkeys i do not want to turn into a turkey myself and i do not want any other weird surprises you got it ?#hey hmm (chewing) not bad nice hot mustard good bread turkey's a little dry (beat) the turkey's a little dry ? (gutwrenching moan to paw) oh foul accursed thing what demon from the depths of hell created thee ?
(genially) hey fellow slave is that one of those monkey paw dealies that lets you wish for things ?#yeah but i gotta warn you that this thing is ee  (slyly) yeah that is what it is wanna try it ? heh heh heh
(yelling over din) hey homer (waving paw) this little thingamajig really works great now that i have saved the earth maybe i oughtta spruce up the ol' homestead#i wish i had a monkey's paw
good morning dear#(way too loud and hearty) hiya bart how is my boy heh heh heh heh
much better oh good the curtains are on fire#it is good that you made that awful thing bart it is real good
okay#he gets it from your side of the family you know no monsters on my side
int simpson house  living room)#(pleading to tv) come on make it make it make it please please please
i want to watch krusty#(engrossed) shut up boy if they make this field goal i win fifty bucks
the kick is upit is looking good the ball is turning into a fat bald guy#(pained grunt)
yayy#slowly slowly do not make a sound do not even think because he can hear your thoughts then when he is least expecting it bash his head in with a chair end of monster heh heh heh
slowly slowly do not make a sound do not even think because he can hear your thoughts then when he is least expecting it bash his head in with a chair end of monster heh heh heh#(screams)
homer i see you agree with my theory#(tightly) i am not nodding it is the air conditioning
well that is too bad because the attention the boy craves should be coming from you i want you to spend some quality time with him get to know him maybe even love him#ouch (back and forth noises)
ouch (back and forth noises)#good night son
good night dad you know these last few days have been really swell i wish there was something i could do to repay you#(beat) well if you wanted to you could give me my body back
you got it#oh ah thanks boy
(sweet) i love you dad#(sweet) i love you son
can we sleep with you ?#you both toilettrained ?
(offended) yes#well okay then (looks at clock moans) four o'clock (yawns) coupla hours i have to get up and go to work gotta go to work go to work
(over pa) attention homer simpson (beat) attention homer simpson (beat) wake up homer#(coming awake) huh ? what ?
you are fired#for what ?
for sleeping on the job#how do you know i was sleeping ?
we have been watching you on the surveillance camera#camera ?
camera ?#(annoyed grunt)
hey here's a good job dad oh wait you have to know how to operate a ultrasonic lithotryptor#how hard can it be ?
(excited) hey dad here's one twentyeight dollars an hour plenty of fresh air and you get to meet lots of interesting people#ooo what job is that ?
deeper wider faster i would not bury me turtle in that mud puddle (disgusted) ah what is the use ?#(muttering to himself) sheesh what a slave driver
did you have a nightmare homie ?#no bart bit me
(out of breath) hey man you were crushing me i tried to scream but my mouth was full of flab#i gotta go shake the dew off the lilly
i gotta go shake the dew off the lilly#(screams)
perhaps you are wondering why you have two heads ? well my body was crushed so i had my head grafted on to or shall we say ample frame#i did not wake up it is all a dream it is just a dream
do not forget dad tonight my class is having an all you can eat spaghetti dinner#umm spaghetti
but homer tonight's our reception for queen beatrice of the netherlands#oh i hate having two heads
int nuclear power plant  day)#(ape noises into) y'ello
(into phone) dad i am calling about the school talent show#(into phone) do not worry i know it is tonight
(urgently) no dad i broke my last saxophone reed and i need you to get me a new one#uh is not this the kind of thing your mother's better at ?
i called her she is not home i also tried mr flanders aunt patty aunt selma dr hibbert reverend lovejoy and that nice man who caught the snake in our basement#wow and after them out of all the people in the world you chose me uh huh yeah number four and a half reed
ext music store  evening)#whew just in the nick of mmm beer ?
int moe's tavern  continuous)#hurry moe hurry i have only got five minutes till the music store closes
why do not you go there first ?#hey do i tell you how to do your job ?
sorry homer#you know if you tip the glass there will not be so much foam on top
int moe's tavern)#(looking at watch) ah finished with fifteen seconds to spare
(concerned) what is the matter buddy ?#the moron next door closed early
(stiffening) i happen to be that moron#oh me and my trenchant mouth
terrible just terrible you know they seem to get worse every year#hmm (imitating himself angry) "lisa stop playing that stupid saxophone" yes that is it
int moe's tavern  night)#please you have got to open that store
let me think about it eh no#okay okay but i want you to see a picture of the little girl you are disappointing (goes through his wallet) well i do not have one
(grudgingly) okay okay but now we are even (to homer) so what does your daughter need ?#(smoothly) i will have you know i wrote it down
(smoothly) i will have you know i wrote it down#number four and a half  stupid gum
number four and a half  stupid gum#number four and a half reed whoo hoo
uhhuh and what instrument does she play ?#(sunk) i dunno
clarinet ?#no
oboe ?#no
saxophone ?#no wait a minute what was that last one again ?
ext auditorium  at that moment)#whew i'd hate to be that kid's father
int springfield elementary  auditorium  continuous)#uhoh
let's hear it for lisa simpson and her wacky sax#yeah woo woo yeah
okay who ordered the mount bellyache ?#(sweetly) i ordered it for my little girl heh heh
i am done#(moans) that cost eightyeight dollars
i am sorry dad i do not feel much like eating#look i let you down and i apologize i know that does not make it right but i hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me
i forgive you#(annoyed grunt) you did not mean that
did you hear that homer ?#no wonder she hates me (moans) i never even noticed that she was alive
homer if you want to make up with lisa just spend some time with her#(long painful moan) okay
(long painful moan) okay#maybe i should just cut my losses give up on lisa and make a fresh start with maggie
homie you have got to stop looking for the quick fix if you keep spending time with lisa she will forgive you#marge if i spend any more time doing these girl things i am gonna  you know  go fruity (makes flitting gestures) no you were right the first time with that quick fix idea let's see quick fix quick fix ah i will buy her that pony she is always bugging me for
we can not afford to buy a pony#(sagely) marge with today's gasoline prices we can not afford not to buy a pony
that is ridiculous#marge i have got to get her a pony when i look in lisa's eyes i do not see love anymore
that is no reason to buy a pony#see even when you yell at me i can see love in your eyes
stick to the subject#ha ha you love me
(sighs) let's be realistic a pony is very expensive and we have enough trouble paying bills as it is#yeah yeah yeah
you sound like you are going to buy a pony promise me you will not#mm
what was that ? was that a yes or a no ?#buh
those are not even words#sneh
oh it is you#excuse me do you sell ponies ?
uh sure pal right here#(reading label) "scottish deerhound" hey this is a dog
ext stables  day)#now lady i am buying this pony for my little girl and i do not care what it costs
(pointing to pony) very good that stunning creature over there is half a million dollars#(shocked) half a million dollars ?
he was sired by seattle slew and his mother won the kentucky derby#wow
his likeness graces a stamp in tanzania#i will take it
(dubious) mr simpson do you have half a million dollars ?#uh sure let me write you a check
mr simpson this check is dated january 1 2054#is there a problem with that ?
(coldly) our ponies start at five thousand dollars cash#(weakly) is not there like a pound where you can pick up cheap ponies that ran away from home ?
int employee credit union  continuous)#ii'd like to borrow five thousand dollars
hello#(shrieks)
(looking at form) simpson eh ? how can i help you ?#mr burns you do this personally ?
it is a hobby i am not in this for any personal gain heavens no by the way are you acquainted with our state's stringent usury laws ?#(struggling with word) usury ?
silly me i must have just made up a word that does not exist now what is the purpose of this loan ?#i want to buy a pony
is not that cute ? smithers he is planning on joining the horsey set (suspicious) that is it is not it ? you are not planning to eat it ?#no i need to get it for my little girl because she does not love me any more
shut up simpson#sorry
mr simpson are you quite sure you know how to take care of a pony ?#(grunting) of course
int homer's car  night)#simpson you have done it again
(annoyed murmur) i am very upset with you#(coyly) sounds like someone's angling for a pony of her own
hey how come lisa gets a pony ?#because she stopped loving me
i do not love you either so give me a moped#i know you love me so you do not get squat hee hee hee hee
(angry) homer just where were you planning to keep this horse ?#(smugly) i have got it all figured out by day it will roam free around the neighborhood and at night it will nestle snugly between the cars in our garage
that is illegal#that is for the courts to decide (corner of his mouth) marge she loves me
dad i think princess belongs in a stable#stable ? (to himself) that sounds expensive
stable ? (to himself) that sounds expensive#(shudders) this is what love costs a month ?
(like katharine hepburn) father you have made me the happiest girl who ever lived#oh nuts
wait dad i have got something for you#(to self) i was hoping it'd be money
hmm oh dear we are in serious trouble here we are just going to have to cut down on luxuries#well you know we are always buying maggie vaccinations for diseases she does not even have
actually i was thinking we could cut down on your beer#nah we are not gonna be doing that
then i am afraid there is no choice but to give up the pony back#first you did not want me to get the pony now you want me to take it back make up your mind
homer#marge lisa loves me the pony stays
all right you got us into this you get us out#fine i will there is plenty of money out there for a guy who is willing to work for it
fine i will there is plenty of money out there for a guy who is willing to work for it#do you have any jewelry you do not need anymore ?
ext kwikemart  night)#need money need money
need money need money#one scratchforcash please
here you go#liberty bell (gasps) two liberty bells come on come on come on (disappointed) oh (then) yes whoohoo three liberty bells (slyly) that'll be ten thousand dollars apu
oh congratulations mr homer#thank you
if i could just see the ticket#there it is
please to be removing your thumb#no
yes please i must insist#no no
i have got to look at the ticket#no you can not see come on
yes i must#no
no#let go you are ripping it
(gasps) a cherry oh mr homer what has reduced you to such cheap chicanery ?#ohh i need money
well if you need money you should have at least jammed a gun in my head or better yet you could inquire about my "help wanted" sign#you are looking for help ?
yes we need someone for the demanding yet highprofile midnight to eight am shift#i am your man
you are hired#woohoo
each of these bullet wounds is a badge of honor#(taking notes) badge of honor
now these hot dogs have been here for three years they are strictly ornamental (chuckles) there is only one bozo who comes in and buys them#but i eat (realizing) oh
int simpson kitchen  morning)#heh heh the perfect crime
homer where have you been ? i was so worried#marge could we go in the other room ? i did something last night i am not proud of and i do not want the kids to hear it
int simpson house  living room  moments later)#i will work form midnight to eight come home sleep for five minutes eat breakfast sleep six more minutes shower then i have ten minutes to spend as i please then i am off to the power plant fresh as a daisy
oh my god she killed him#mmm salty
homer are you stealing squishees ?#no sir
(sharply) homer you are asleep at your post now go change the expiration dates on the dairy products#(quietly) yes sir
homie how long do you plan to do this ?#(exhausted) i do not know how long do horses live ?
thirty years ?#(weary annoyed grunt)
ext nuclear power plant  later)#mustn't sleep must monitor core
mustn't sleep must monitor core#y'ello
i just called to say i love you dad#thanks (hangs up puts feet back up) when is she gonna stop loving me ?
hey homer where ya goin' ?#(stilted) going for eight hour walk
int garage)#(waves her off) homer sleep now
hey (whistles) pink hat when i ordered that blueberry squishee i meant today#coming right up sir
and fill it to the top this time (laughs)#yes sir
dad you do not have to do this#(as if to a child) yes i do you see lisa grownups have a thing called money
dad i understand the sacrifice you have made for me that is why i gave up the pony#you did ?
hmmm hmmm there is a big dumb animal i love even more than that horse#oh no what is it a hippopotamus
i mean you you dummy#awww
awww#apu you can take this job and restaff it
giddyup dad#(laughing)
products you could only imagine before the foam doamthe jet walkermr sugar cube#(re mr sugar cube) that baby changed our lives
not so fast troy with one application of spiffy you will think the body's still warm#(enthralled) oooooh that is one clean tombstone
hey dad you got a power drill ?#(annoyed) in the garage
i am offering three bottles  enough to clean one thousand tombstones  for only thirtynine ninetyfive#yeah give us a break doctor
hey homer i can not find the safety goggles for the power saw#(annoyed) if stuff starts flying just turn your head
okay i will throw in a fourth bottle the applicator glove and a state of kansas jello mold  twentynine ninetyfive#okay okay calm down
homer can you get the door ? it is my sisters#(shudders)
homer be nice#(nicely) okay i will i will (mumbles to himself)
(nicely) okay i will i will (mumbles to himself)#patty selma what a pleasant surprise
no next to him mary tyler moore#(on phone holding credit card)  expiration date june 1999 (lying) uh 2012 yeah
homer are you ordering junk off the tv again ?#(covering phone) shh they will hear you
who is using the power tools ?#i do not know some guy i guess
well we are going to the beauty parlor maybe you should do something with the kids while i am gone#oh sure great idea i'd love to  (seeing lisa annoyed grunt) did you hear that ?
yes#how much ?
everything#what is the quickest cheapest easiest way to do something with you ?
uh take us to the video store#(sweetly) anything for my little girl
(sweetly) anything for my little girl#bart you can not weld with such a little flame (to himself) stupid kid
ext vhs village  day)#ooooooh mcbain
you want to rent it sir ?#why ? i just saw the best part (laughs)
why ? i just saw the best part (laughs)#oooh "death by knockout" "blood on the ice" oh oh "football's greatest injuries" (then calling out) lisa we are going
but dad i can not find "happy little elves in tinkly winkly town"#(impatient) just grab something all these movies are great
homer could you turn off the tv ? there is a little test i want you to take#oh great you made me miss joe theisman
this is from the national fatherhood institute it evaluates your knowledge of your son and rates you as a father#oh marge
"name one of your child's friends"#uh let's see bart's friends well there is the fat kid with the thing uh the little wiener who is always got his hands in his pockets
they want a name homer not a vague description#okay (guessing) hank
hank ? hank who ?#hank jones
"who is your son's hero ?"#steve mcqueen
that is your hero "name another dad you talked to about parenting"#(immediately) next
"what are your son's hobbies ?"#well he is always chewing on that phone cord
he has not done that since he was two#then he has no hobbies
(pointed) oh really ? well maybe you should go out in the garage and see#bart bart
what ?#you do not have any hobbies do you boy ?
no not really#well that is what i wait a minute what are you doing ?
building a soap box derby racer#(distraught) oh that is a hobby
hey so it is#oh my god i do not know jack about my boy (starts to sob) i am a bad father
you are also fat#i am also fat
national fatherhood institute dave speaking#i am homer simpson i just took your test i got a zero
(coyly) in between some other projects well gentlemen if you will excuse me i have booked some time at the wind tunnel#(to bart) goodbye son
for starters mr simpson will not you take this complimentary copy of "fatherhood" by bill cosby#ho ho if he is as smart as he is funny i am sold
mr simpson if you want to be a good father you have to spend time with your son#(testy) well that is easy for you to say you preachy eggheaded institute guy how much do you see your son ?
homer meet dave jr#huh ?
thanks dad#(impressed) oh how i envy you
homer that easy back and forth that you just witnessed did not happen over night it took years of effort#(upbeat) i have never been afraid of a little hard work
aw that is the spirit mr simpson now step one is to find an activity the two of you can share does the boy have any interests ?#what boy ?
your son find something he likes to do and share in it#(brightening) well he is building a soapbox derby racer
int simpson house  garage  dusk)#bart i am gonna help you build that racer
thanks but i am almost done why do not you get back on the couch and watch tv ?#okay (beat) no i am gonna do it
sorry dad but three time soap box derby champion ronnie beck never needed his dad's help#but you can use me i am good i have built a lot of things around the house the spice rack the birdfeeder the gymboree
but you can use me i am good i have built a lot of things around the house the spice rack the birdfeeder the gymboree#(re crashing) what was that ? ah who cares son please let me help you
come on dad it'd be weird#oh this is not working at all it is hopeless wait a second
oh this is not working at all it is hopeless wait a second#(chuckling then) hmm (reading) "cosby's first law of intergenerational perversity no matter what you tell your child to do he will always do the opposite" huh ?
no matter what you tell your child to do he will always do the opposite" huh ?#oh that sounds too complicated
oh that sounds too complicated#all right i will (to bart stiffly) son i do not think you should let me help you
ah come on dad if you really want to help you can clean these paint brushes#(ecstatic) thank you bill cosby you saved the simpsons
(ecstatic) thank you bill cosby you saved the simpsons#you know marge that bart of ours is a little miracle his winning smile his button nose his fat little stomach his face alight with wholesome mischief he reminds me of me before the weight of the world crushed my spirit
ext springfield  soapbox derby track  day)#i like our chances son
ugh your father is not supposed to help build your racer but you should at least consult him about it#(annoyed grunt)
ext wooded area)#this is my son and if he does not want to wear one you can not make him
(to bart making fist) hey simpson where is your losermobile ?#losermobile heh heh  wait a minute
you did not hear nothin'#are you nervous son ?
int simpson house  garage  later that day)#okay bart we have got a lot of work to do on that car so i am gonna pull you out of school for the next couple of weeks
dad i do not know how to say this but i do not want to drive your car it is slow it is ugly it handles like a shopping cart#bart the car had a few bugs in it i admit that but we are team simpson
(determined) dad i love you but you taught me to win#when did i ever teach you that ?
well i picked it up somewhere and if i drive martin's car i can win i am sorry but#(turning his back) do not be no go ahead leave me go on go on and win no go on and win without your dad
(turning his back) do not be no go ahead leave me go on go on and win no go on and win without your dad#i will just sit here in "li'l lightnin'"  which the simpsons built  and remember that for one brief shining moment i had a son
i will just sit here in "li'l lightnin'"  which the simpsons built  and remember that for one brief shining moment i had a son#ow
dad can you take me to dr hibbert's office ?#(worried) why ? what is wrong ?
oh nothing i just scheduled a tetanus booster maybe i am being a little anal but barefoot season's coming up and there is a world of rusty nails out there#oh sure i will take you wait with you worry about you and then you will ride home with someone who has a faster car this is how you get your kicks is not it lisa ?
int homer's car  day)#(annoyed grunt)
tell me something i do not know#dr hibbert lisa needs a (spotting martin) you homewrecker
dad are not you coming ?#no
now do not pout#(whining) i am not pouting you are
dad you gotta come i just got your hat out of the fridge#sorry
do not you at least have something to say to bart ?#(falsely) no can not think of a thing
but i guess i was wrong you are a bad father#leave me alone
in just minutes these junior al unser juniors will lock horns#(reading) "name your son's hobbies" (tearfully) building a soapbox racer "name your child's friends" (angry) martin martin i will curse that name 'til the day i die huh ? "who is your son's heroe ?"
(reading) "name your son's hobbies" (tearfully) building a soapbox racer "name your child's friends" (angry) martin martin i will curse that name 'til the day i die huh ? "who is your son's heroe ?"#(inspired) threetime soapbox derby champion ronnie beck
(inspired) threetime soapbox derby champion ronnie beck#(realizing) wow i am one question away from being a perfect father "name another dad you talked to about parenting" (moans)
hey ho simpson#shut up flanders (realizing) flanders
shut up flanders (realizing) flanders#(yelling) flanders flanders uh uh when should a boy start dating ?
well sir there are two schools of thought#great thanks
great thanks#(overjoyed) i talked to flanders about parenting i am a perfect father hold on son i ama coming
forget about your father you are driving for me now#(cries out mouth full) do it for your old man boy
thanks mr beck i was alone out there but someone was riding with me in spirit this is for you dad#(to bart re trophy) no son you earned it
(sincerely) mom i never won before i may never win again nyahnyahnyahnyahnyah#that is my boy nyahnyah nyah nyahnyahnyah
int simpson house  living room  night)#wow infotainment
we watch springfield's oldest man meet springfield's fattest man#he is not so fat
whoa t and a#bart why are you still up ?
who can sleep with those five evil hens cackling and plotting against me ?#boy they have got better things to talk about than you sheesh what an ego
coming up next an elephant who never forgets to brush#what is it boy ?
what is it boy ?#is anything the matter my son ? talk to me young man
is anything the matter my son ? talk to me young man#say your name ? why should i do that my lad ?
ow what was that for ?#you spoke while you were jinxed so i get to punch you in the arm sorry it is the law heh heh
there he is let's give him a makeover#run for it boy
(mischievously) come here maggie#that is it i am outta here
hiya homer (sighs)#what is the matter moe ?
ah business is slow people today are healthier and drinking less you know if it wasn't for the junior high school next door no one would even use the cigarette machine#(mouth full) yeah things are tough all over
increased job satisfaction and family togetherness are poison for a purveyor of mindnumbing intoxicants like myself#could i get a beer ?
oh sorry i forgot we are out of beer#(shrieks)
you are too late homer barney sucked it dry cut his gums up pretty bad#(moans)
(unfamiliar) gin and tonic ? do they mix ?#(brightening) hey i know a good drink really hits the spot i invented it myself
int simpson house  living room)#one night marge's beastly sisters were showing slides from their latest vacation
aye carumba#as i stared up at that hairy yellow drumstick i knew i needed a drink
as i stared up at that hairy yellow drumstick i knew i needed a drink#(sweetly) patty selma would you excuse me for a moment ?
(drinking a beer) if you are going for a beer this is the last one#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#i decided to mix the little bits that were left in every liquor bottle
i decided to mix the little bits that were left in every liquor bottle#in my haste i had grabbed a bottle of the kids' cough syrup
in my haste i had grabbed a bottle of the kids' cough syrup#it passed the first test i did not go blind
they say everyone can float in the dead sea but selma sank right to the bottom#i do not know the scientific explanation but fire made it good
whoa sounds like one hell of a drink what do you call it ?#a "flaming homer"
okay why do not you make us up a couple of "flaming homers" ?#hey moe you got any cough syrup ?
it is not without its charm#try lighting it on fire
hey hey this drink is delicious and my phlegm feels looser what do you call it ?#well it is called a "flaming
(chuckling) i will be back#moe i have not seen the place this crowded since the government cracked down on you for accepting food stamps do you think my drink had something to do with it ?
(to moe) pardon me are you the genius behind the "flaming moe" ?#why yes i 
good for you moe only an idiot would give away a million dollar idea like that#(moans)
honey what is wrong ?#i will tell you what is wrong that rotten moe is getting rich off a recipe i gave him
i will tell you what is wrong that rotten moe is getting rich off a recipe i gave him#(furious) take that off this second
homie why do not you just go down to moe's and talk to him ? i bet he'd be willing to share some of his success with you#nah (beat) marge i am too upset to eat  i think i will go to moe's (realizing annoyed grunt)
(snooty) can i help you sir ?#i need to talk to moe
your name's not on the list#i did not even tell you my name
okay what is your name ?#homer simpson
not on the list#but
and i talk to my dad he say/ he said you ain't seen nothin' till you are down on a muffin and you are sure to be changin' your ways/ i met a cheerleader was a real young bleeder oh the times i could reminisce/ to the best things of lovin' with her sister and her cousin and they started with a little kiss/#barney ?
hiya scrumptious do you want to ignite my drink ?#you are my kid's teacher
single parent are we ?#no
well let's pretend you are#get away from me
get away from me#hey moe ?
oh hiya homer how 'bout a beer ?#i'd rather have a "flaming homer"
a what ? (weak laugh) oh i get it#(upset) how could you do this to me moe ? this bar was going under and it was the drink i invented that saved it
(upset) how could you do this to me moe ? this bar was going under and it was the drink i invented that saved it#if there was any justice my face would be on a bunch of crappy merchandise
homer i am sorry you are mad at me but this is not personal this is business#(angry) business eh ? well let me tell you something you just lost yourself a customer
what ? i am sorry homer i could not hear you#i said you just lost yourself a customer
what ?#you just lost yourself a customer
homer you are gonna have to speak up#you just lost yourself a customer moe
i lost myself to what ?#you just lost yourself a customer
homer i will talk to you tomorrow#(shouting) you just lost yourself a customer
ext springfield bus terminal)#ah my new watering hole
(growling) yeah what do you want ?#(scared) a beer ?
okay then#can i have a clean glass ?
i am sorry mrs simpson but you can not copyright a drink#(moans)
int marge & homer's bedroom  later)#(muttering) stupid moe noninventing recipe stealing pugnosed
well homer maybe you can take some consolation in the fact that something you created is making so many people happy#oooh look at me i am making people happy i am the magical man from happyland in a gum drop house on lollipop lane
oooh look at me i am making people happy i am the magical man from happyland in a gum drop house on lollipop lane#oh by the way i was being sarcastic
int simpson kitchen  next day)#(under his breath) moe moe moe
i moe i moe#moe moe moe
of course all work and moe play makes moe a moe moe#(chanting) moe moe moe moe moe moe moe
what the#(insane) fools you poor pathetic misguided creatures choking down your flaming moe's all the time wondering "how does he do it ?" well i am going tell you (evil laugh) the secret ingredient is
homer no#cough syrup nothing but plain ordinary over the counter children's cough syrup
int moe's tavern)#(quietly) hi moe where is that waitress of yours ?
ah she left to pursue a movie career frankly i think she was better off here#moe sorry i lost you hundreds of thousands of dollars
oh hey hey maybe some things are too good to be kept a secret#i guess so
compliments of the house (warmly) one "flaming homer"#ahh thanks moe you are the greatest friend a guy could ever have
ahh thanks moe you are the greatest friend a guy could ever have#hey do you think aerosmith will be in tonight ?
int power plant  work area)#(moans) oh what do they want
i will get that whale song cassette that you like sir#it is not fair (sobs)
i know how you feel simpson i have never seen mr burns so depressed#(ignoring him sobs) uhhuh
people think that because he is rich and powerful and cruel he does not have feelings like other men but he does and you know what ? i bet he would not sell the plant for a hundred million dollars#ooh that is a lot of money
ooh that is a lot of money#(annoyed grunt) uh mr smithers do you have change for a dollar ?
(hands him change) good good try to eat something#homer simpson here
homer it is your stockbroker your stock in the power plant just went up for the first time in ten years#i own stock ?
yes all the employees got some in exchange for waiving certain constitutional rights#so uh how much did it go up ?
wait a minute let's not do that yet the book says we have to make a little small talk before you get down to business (rapid fire) everybody alive ?#(rapid fire) yeah
like any sports ?#sure
ever go dancing ?#not any more
we should get together sometime#that'd be great
there now we trust each other#well how are you ?
(coughs) near death i am renewing my notary license on a weekly basis#uhhuh so what is my stock up to ?
twenty five cents a share#what should i do ?
well let me put it this way you will get twentyfive dollars if you sell now#sell sell sell (hanging up) woo hoo twentyfive dollars
sell sell sell (hanging up) woo hoo twentyfive dollars#ooooh ooh hot wax ooh hammer
hey homer wanna duff ?#(smoothly) no i'd like a bottle of henry k duff's private reserve
ext nuclear power plant  parking lot  next day)#for your information i just made a cool twentyfive dollars playing the market buy low sell high that is my motto i may just quit my job at the power plant to become a fulltime stock market guy
for your information i just made a cool twentyfive dollars playing the market buy low sell high that is my motto i may just quit my job at the power plant to become a fulltime stock market guy#have a duff boys
(german accent) yeah but thank you anyway#hey you guys are not from around here are you ?
we are interested in buying the power plant do you think the owner would ever sell it ?#(very confident) well i happen to know that he will not sell it for less than 100 million dollars
we will have a savings account we have never had one kids i think everything is going to be okay from now on#hey hey
oh homer#you heard ?
we heard is not it wonderful ? we have some great plans for that money#(guilty chuckle) well i am afraid i had some great plans too
what do you mean ?#i spent it on beer
(really mad) you spent fiftytwo hundred dollars on beer ?#fiftytwo hundred dollars ? what are you talking about ?
fiftytwo hundred dollars ? what are you talking about ?#(moans) what ? (screams) i sold it all for twentyfive bucks
(moans) what ? (screams) i sold it all for twentyfive bucks#ow
hey homer#did you buy this car with your stock money ?
sure did and the great thing about it is everybody got rich for once all us working stiffs got a break#(moans)
ich bin ein springfielder#(sadly) we could all lose our jobs
well they can not fire me i am the only one certified to run the gaseous contaminant particularfier#well they can not fire me
why ?#cuz (beat) i
you will be given a sixweek treatment at our drying out facility in hawaii after which you will return at full pay#(to self) lucky drunks
we plan to have some frank discussions with your safety inspector#yeah sock it to him horst
(hushed) hey homer are not you the safety inspector ?#(annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  lisa's bedroom  night)#lisa your father needs your help do you know anything about germany ?
lisa your father needs your help do you know anything about germany ?#good good i am learning
one of the economic powers of the world#because we send them money ?
(condescending laugh) no because they are efficient and punctual with a strong work ethic#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#oh woa is me
homie come to bed#oh marge i am gonna be fired i know it
do not worry whatever happens we will pay the bills somehow#marge it is not the money my job is my identity if i am not a safety whatchamajigger i am nothing
(murmurs) well if you can not sleep why do not you do something constructive ?#ooh battlestar galactica
ooh battlestar galactica#fit damn you fit
fit damn you fit#there
yo homer you gotta get ready for work#huh ? what ?
int power plant  coffee area  later)#oh what am i gonna (to lenny) hey you top being so unsafe smitty  safenup
homer could we have a word with you ?#(scared) no
(smoothly) i must have phrased that badly my english is how you say inelegant i meant to say may we have a brief friendly chat ?#(scared) no
(reading polite) we request the pleasure of your company for a free exchange of ideas#(scared) auugghh
you have been safety inspector for two years what initiatives have you spearheaded in that time ?#uh all of them ?
i see then you must have some good ideas for the future as well#i sure do
such as#well ah i wish the candy machine wasn't so picky about taking beatup dollar bills because a lot of workers really like candy
(patronizing) we understand homer after all we are from the land of chocolate#mmm the land of chocolate
ext the land of chocolate  continuous)#wow chocolate  half price
int power plant  german's office  continuous)#(singing) la la la la la
mr simpson#(continues singing) la la la la la la
mr simpson#oh oh oh i am sorry we were talking about chocolate ?
(mad) that was ten minutes ago#(to lenny confident) i think i did pretty good in there
i want you to take baths bart#lousy german knowitalls who are they to say i am not safe ? (moans) oh what is the matter with this thing
lousy german knowitalls who are they to say i am not safe ? (moans) oh what is the matter with this thing#no problems here
(to smithers) watch me blend in (to moe) barkeep some cheap domestic beer for me and my "buddy" here#i am not your buddy you greedy old reptile
homer simpson sir sector siebengruben  i mean sector 7g recently terminated#that is right i lost my job so that you could have another 100 million dollars
that is right i lost my job so that you could have another 100 million dollars#(pointed) let me ask you something does your money cheer you up when you are feeling blue ?
yes#okay bad example so let me ask you this does your money ever hug you when you come home at night ?
(shaken) why no#and does it ever say "i love you ?"
(shaken) no it does not#(singsong) nobody loves you nobody loves you you are old and you are ugly nobody loves you yea yea yea yea
(singsong) nobody loves you nobody loves you you are old and you are ugly nobody loves you yea yea yea yea#nobody loves you
that was no accident let's get out of here#(singing) na na na na / na na na na /
int simpson house  kitchen  a little later)#woohoo i got my job back
"barnacle bill's home pregnancy test" ? homer should not we have gone with a betterknown brand ?#but marge this one came with a free corncob pipe
(picks up box) okay let's see (reading box) "ahoy maties if the water turns blue a baby for you if purple ye see no baby thar be"#well what color is it ? blue or purple ?
pink#(annoyed grunt)
(reading box) "if ye test should fail to a doctor set sail" (getting up) well i guess i'd better go see dr hibbert#oh honey do you really think you are pregnant ?
well i have the same nausea and craving for pancake mix i did with the other kids#yeah and i have the same tightness in my chest and profuse sweating i always get
is anything wrong ?#(distracted) no everything's fine your mother uh just broke her leg
(to homer) is mom gonna have another baby dad ?#(pause) maybe
ohhh cool we can race them#yeah sure for you a baby's all fun and games for me it is diaper changes and midnight feedings
does not mom do that stuff ?#yeah but i have to hear about it
were you like this when mom was pregnant with me ?#actually bart i threw up more than your mother (fond sigh)  it all happened at the beginning of that turbulent decade known as the '80s
hmmm what do you think about ?#those were idealistic days the candidacy of john anderson the rise of supertramp it was an exciting time to be young
ext fun center  early evening  1981)#for several years i'd been dating your mother and working at the local fun center
that is better ah beautiful keep this up and someday you will be the guy who hands out the putters#yes sir
int simpson house  living room  present)#i was 24 years old with a beautiful girlfriend and a job with a future
i was 24 years old with a beautiful girlfriend and a job with a future#(banging on window) hey you are supposed to be listening to my story
it is not our fault our generation has short attention spans dad we watch an appalling amount of tv#(with quiet severity) do not you ever ever talk that way about television (grumbling) lousy ungrateful can not keep their (distracted) whaddyacallit minds on any uh
(with quiet severity) do not you ever ever talk that way about television (grumbling) lousy ungrateful can not keep their (distracted) whaddyacallit minds on any uh#where do you think you are going ? you are gonna listen to my story
where do you think you are going ? you are gonna listen to my story#your mother was living with her two wicked sisters
homer do you ever think about the future ?#you mean like will apes be our masters ?
no i mean how you plan to earn a living i can not imagine that job of yours is very stimulating#but it gives me time to think
but it gives me time to think#(shrugs) well girls (hastily) i mean i mean boys (hastily) i i mean you
(holding his arm) i think about you too#wow what an ending ? who'd have thought darth vader was luke skywalker's father
wow what an ending ? who'd have thought darth vader was luke skywalker's father#marge you are as pretty as princess leia and as smart as yoda
our song#i will bet the guy she was singing that about was real happy
actually she was singing about god#oh well he is always happy no wait he is always mad
int free game castle  continuous)#(grandly) someday i will buy you a real castle
you do not have to do that#(relieved) phew good
homer maybe it is the champale talking but i think you are pretty sexy#really ? it must be the champale talking
what if we get caught ?#do not worry this castle is impregnable
int barney's apartment  day)#pass the cookie dough
(barking noises)#y'ello oh hi marge
i need you to drive me to the doctor homer#why ? what is wrong ?
well that unforgettable night we joined the castle club#(wideeyed) oh
int hospital room  continuous)#(annoyed grunt) (annoyed grunt) (annoyed grunt)
son you gotta marry that girl#because it is the honorable thing to do ?
ext homer's car  inspiration point  establishing)#marge there is something i want to ask you but i am afraid because if you say no it will destroy me and make me a criminal
well i have not said no to you lately have i ?#marge i (searching) damn it where is that card ?
what card ?#(looking under seat) oh i wrote down what i was gonna say on a card stupid thing must have fallen out of my pocket
is this it ?#(from back seat) what is it say ?
(reading with building emotion) "marge from the first moment i saw you i never wanted to be with anyone else i do not have much to offer you except all my love will you marry me ?"#(blandly) that is the card give it here
(overcome) oh homer this is the most beautiful moment of my life#so will you marry me ?
(smiling) yes#woo hoo woo hoo yeah she is gonna marry me in your face everybody woo hoo
kool moe dee#(chuckles fondly) you know i had this very same discussion with your mother ten years ago
homer i have been thinking if the baby's a boy what do you think of the name larry ?#(appalled) marge we can not do that all the kids'll call him larry fairy
well how about louie ?#they will call him screwy louie
bob ?#slob
luke ?#puke
marcus ?#mucous
what about bart ?#let's see bart cart dart eeart nope can not see any problem with that (spying ring) wow (to clerk) i will take that ring
yes sir and how will you be paying for it ?#(small) i do not know
ext highway  next morning)#finally the big day came we did not have much money so we went to a quaint little chapel just across the state line
be sure to get this punched every time the tenth wedding is on the house#hey this marriage is gonna last forever
(looking up) there certainly are a lot of stains on the ceiling#marge i am sorry i wish i could afford a better place
homer i'd be lying if i said that this is how i pictured my wedding day but you are how i pictured my husband#(brightening) i am ?
well you may not look like ted bessell but you are just as nice#(touched noise)
dearly beloved we are gathered here in the sight of god and this casino to join#homer
homer same question names reversed#i do
what a perfect day#our first night together as man and wife
int bouvier house  marge's room  morning)#look what i got marge a baby monitor
look what i got marge a baby monitor#(into monitor) baby to marge baby to marge wah wah over
(worried) homer i do not know how we can afford all these things on your salary#hey why do not i apply at the nuclear power plant ? i hear they pay pretty well
i do not know i heard radiation can make you sterile#pfft now you tell me
i push myself too hard#dear marge xxx homer
dear marge xxx homer#(thinking) well it takes me a long time to learn anything i am kind of a goofoff
okay that'll do# little stuff starts disappearing from the workplace
there is a problem with the reactor what do you do ?#(panicky) there is a problem with the reactor ? (yells) we are all gonna die
did you get the job ?#nah they wanted someone good story of my life
oh homie hey come over here and feel our baby kicking#wow (getting resolve) kid i will not let you down
wow (getting resolve) kid i will not let you down#i swear to you when you come out of there the first thing you are gonna see is a man with a good job
int ye old candlemaker shop  day)# and when ye tallow hardens we remove it from yon mold
 you gentle sir are fired#oh
oh hello young man#(smoothly) good evening madame you have been selected by the good people of slashco to reap the benefits of their new nevrdull knifeedge here shake hands with the slashco
(smoothly) good evening madame you have been selected by the good people of slashco to reap the benefits of their new nevrdull knifeedge here shake hands with the slashco#(to self) handle first handle first
ext pitiless pup attack dog school  establishing)#(screams) i quit i quit
hey who wants to get rich today ?#(hollering) me me me me me i said it first
(near panic) "fourth notice" "90 days overdue" "we break thumbs" homer what are we going to do ?#(holding head) i do not know i do not know 
(chipper) repo man i am here for the baby's things#(moans)
repossessing stuff is the hardest part of my job#(normal voice) "dear marge by the time you read this i will be gone you deserve all the finest things in the world and although i can give them to you they will be repossessed and i will be hunted down like a dog also it has become clear that your family does not want me here"
(hollering from upstairs) shut up with that penscratching down there#"i will send you every cent i earn for the baby but you will not see me again until i am a man"
(sniffles) that is so sad#oh c'mon honey you know how it turns out after all you would not be here today if i hadn't become the responsible head of a household
hey homer can we have a can of frosting for lunch ?#okay
marge listen we just saw#(bitterly) big shots with their stainless steel lunchboxes
(bitterly) big shots with their stainless steel lunchboxes#(awed) they get donuts ?
that is right (grandly) all the colors of the rainbow#(sadly) wowww
int gulp 'n' blow  500 am)#(dully) yeah what do you want ?
(over intercom) my husband by my side#(automatically) you want fries with that ?
homer ?#marge ?
homer#marge
marge#(looks at her stomach) holy cow you are as big as a house
homer come home with me#(ashamed) no marge i just can not i mean look at me i am a trainee (pointing) they will not even tell me what is in the secret sauce but i can not buy you a decent wedding ring
any ring is fine as long as it is from you#marge for you
would you mind if i took it off now ? the oil is burning my finger#oh sure
homer do you know why i married you ?#because i knocked you up ?
(laughs) ironic is not it the hunter has become the hunted (maniacal laugh) oh god smithers i feel so alive#you the boss ?
i will call security sir#(rolling up sleeves) step aside i will deliver this baby
(rolling up sleeves) step aside i will deliver this baby#well listen to me mr bigshot if you are looking for the kind of employee who takes abuse and never sticks up for himself i am your man you can treat me like dirt and i will still kiss your butt and call it ice cream and if you do not like it i can change
i do not care i have not been this impressed since i first laid eyes on a young bootlick named waylon smithers#you mean ?
(extends hand) welcome aboard son#(quietly) i got the job (yells) i got the job whoo hoo only in america could i get a job
ext bouvier house  morning)#marge marge
(hoarse) you are a little late she is gone to the hospital#the hospital ?
(grudging) i will drive you#(grateful) thanks mom
int hospital  delivery room  later)#marge marge where is the baby ?
(points at marge's stomach) right where you left it#shut up
hey listen fatboy #no you listen this is my wife and this is my kid and i am paying for this delivery so if you want to stay you better give me some respect
homer does this mean #starting tomorrow i am a nuclear technician
(quietly) good god#and tomorrow morning i am gonna buy your ring back then i am going househunting
does not your job start tomorrow ?#eh somebody'll cover for me
uh why do not you let me handle it homer ?#oh college boy eh ?
homie is not he beautiful ?#hey as long as he is got eight fingers and eight toes he is fine by me
hey as long as he is got eight fingers and eight toes he is fine by me#ahh bart daddy's little angel
ahh bart daddy's little angel#(to bart) why you little he did that on purpose
int simpson house  living room  present day)#bart lisa come here for a minute
bart lisa come here for a minute#(warmly) y'know son the day you were born i received the greatest gift a man could have
(warmly) y'know son the day you were born i received the greatest gift a man could have#as the years went by your mother and i were blessed twice more
as the years went by your mother and i were blessed twice more#and not a day goes by that we do not thank god for all three of you
homer i am not pregnant#(exultant) yeah whoa excellent marge
int simpson house  living room  night)#aw ain't that cute hey
aw ain't that cute hey#hey where in god's name did you learn that kind of (notices tv aroused) daaaanncciinng
hey where in god's name did you learn that kind of (notices tv aroused) daaaanncciinng#(shudders moans etc)
dad can i have some money to buy bart a birthday present ?#(mesmerized) money
dad this is a hundred and ten dollars#(oblivious) oh sorry
(singing) we are gonna roll this truckin' convoy / cross the usa / convoy#that could be bart
hey good lookin' we will be back to pick you up later#(admiring whistle) he is in for some lovin'
(on mic) you are fired#hm bart's birthday's coming up
but order now supply is limited#(gasps) limited ?
(gasps) limited ?#(into phone urgent) do you have any of those microphones left ?
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#y'know marge bart's really gonna like my birthday present this year it will not be like those shoe trees i got him last year or the shelf paper i bought him for christmas i will buy his love yet
ehhh#bart i will bet you think nothin's gonna top that cactus well check out my present
int simpson house  kitchen  evening)#(moans) there is only one can of beer left and it is bart's
(moans) there is only one can of beer left and it is bart's#hey boy how is the microphone working ?
fine#bart i would love to get a present like that
here you go enjoy#(annoyed grunt) listen boy this is a great invention watch
(annoyed grunt) listen boy this is a great invention watch#(singing) we got a great big convoy / rockin' through the night / we got a great big convoy / ain't she a beautiful sight / convoy
quit it dad#hey goodlookin' we will be back for some dinner later
wha'd you say ? i can not understand you with all that distortion#(moans)
int simpson house  kitchen)#mmmmm chocolate
mmmmm chocolate#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#mmmmm chocolate
mmmmm chocolate#(annoyed grunt) marge we need some more vanillachocolateandstrawberry ice cream
i will get some at the store tomorrow homer#mmmmm chocolate
people of earth this is bartron commander of the martian invasion force your planet is in our hands resistance is useless#(shrieks)
we have captured your president he was delicious#why you little
why you little#(realizing) wait a minute does this mean you like my present ?
(choking) uhhuh#aww
aww#just promise me you will not play anymore practical jokes
int simpson house  living room  afternoon)#hey what is up ?
bart what is wrong with you ?#yeah that timmy is a real hero
how do you mean dad ?#well he fell down a well and can not get out
how does that make him a hero ?#well it is more than you did
so i am afraid your son is trapped down the well#you must think we are the worst parents in the world
ext well  a little later)#(soothing) do not worry son just 'cause you are trapped in a hole does not mean you can not live a rich full life i brought you your krusty doll
ow knock it off you bald boob#(angry) hey do not make me come down there
like to see you fit#why you little 
so it seems we have all been the victims of a cruel hoax perpetrated by a tenyearoldhooligan the time has come for fingerpointing and most of them are squarely aimed at the boy's parents#it is not our fault we did not want the boy he was an accident
homer#uh could you edit that last part out ?
mr simpson we are live coasttocoast#(annoyed grunt)
mom it is too big#do not worry you will grow into it
you know i have done a lot of bad stuff through the years i guess now i am paying the price but there is so many things i will never get a chance to do smoke a cigarette use a fake id shave a swear word in my hair#that is all i can stands i can not stands no more i am gonna get you outta there myself
actually i do not know if i have ever heard bart play one of your albums#(to marge) shh marge he is a good digger
man i was so scared#(smiling) do not worry son they are gonna make sure no one ever falls down this well again
now stay tuned for six hours of exciting football action#well byebye belt
homer all those fatty deepfried heavily salted snacks can not be good for your heart#pfft my heart is just fine
pfft my heart is just fine#a little beer will put out that fire
thank you bret our first game today  denver and new england  is too close to call#(moans)
but if you are one of those compulsive types who just has to bet  well i do not know uh denver#whoo hoo denver yeah
moe's tavern where the peanut bowl is freshened hourly#moe i'd like to bet twenty dollars on denver
oh sure thing moe i was just using it as a coaster#twenty big ones on denver
(into phone) pleasure doing business with you (coyly) h s#(to tv) all right denver justify my love
at the end of thirteen seconds of play it is new england seven denver nothing#(annoyed grunt)
daaaaad you are not listening to me#(grumbling) lousy stupid denver
ho look at that score moxy#why did you do that ?
(hopefully) would not it be fun if we watched the game together ?#(exasperated sigh) okay just do not say anything and sit down over there
(exasperated sigh) okay just do not say anything and sit down over there#over
over#over over over
over over over#lisa please i can not hear the announcer
he said denver just fumbled#(annoyed grunt)
(chuckling) well folks when you are right fiftytwo percent of the time you are wrong fortyeight percent of the time#(furious) why did not you say that before
i certainly do brett i hereby declare miami to be smooth jimmy's "lock of the week"#oooh that is a big lock all right i just do not trust that guy
in the cincinnati  miami game i declare cincinnati to be my "shoein of the week"#huh they both make a good case
(fast) you want some of this do not ya ?#yeah
(very slowly) you have reached the coach's hot#line
line#yeah lay it on me coach
in the game of miami#mmhm
versus cin#cincinnati
cin#cincinnati
nat#cincinnati
ti#c'mon c'mon do not you realize this is costing me money ?
(slowly) we must consider many things (clearing throat) the wind#doh not the wind
is blowing out of the west#oh
at five# miles per hour
knots#(panicked) ugh this is ridiculous what am i supposed to do ? lisa who do you think's gonna win ? the bengals or the dolphins ?
(panicked) ugh this is ridiculous what am i supposed to do ? lisa who do you think's gonna win ? the bengals or the dolphins ?#good good (dialing phone) moe fifty dollars on the miami dolphins
touchdown dolphins#all right dolphins
all right dolphins#whoohoo
whoohoo#fifty big ones
(puzzled) fifty big ones ?#uhoh (stuck) you see lisa daddy's friend moe promised to give him fifty dollars if the dolphins won the game
you mean you made a bet ?#well i would not call it a bet it is a little thing daddies do to make football more exciting
what could be more exciting than the savage ballet that is pro football ?#well you know you like ice cream do not you ?
see how good things can happen if you make a little effort ?#and do not you like ice cream better when it is covered with hot fudge and mounds of whipped cream (getting engrossed) and chopped nuts and  oh  those crumbled up cookie things they mash up hmmm crumbled up cookie things
so gambling makes a good thing even better#that is right (startled) my god it is like there is some kind of bond between us
and the final from riverfront stadium miami 24  cincinnati 10#yeah
boy mom sure will be happy you won fifty dollars#you would think that would not you but you see lisa your mother has this crazy idea that gambling is wrong even though they say it is okay in the bible
really where ?#uh somewhere in the back the point is we had a great time today and to keep it that way let's not tell your mother about our little wager okay ?
did you two have fun ?#(coyly) you bet
goodnight dad i had a really nice time today#me too honey
can i watch football with you again next sunday ?#sure you will find it gets rid of the unpleasant aftertaste of church
(intense) this team is fired up we came here to play#all right
he will lose#what ? did not you hear what he said ?
look at the fear in his eyes listen to the quiver in his voice he is a little boy lost in a game of men#you think we should bet against them ?
i'd bet my entire college fund on it#you got it
you got it#moe twentythree dollars on new york
dad i hate to break the mood but i am getting nauseous#(putting her down) oh sorry so who do you like in the afternoon games ?
oh doctor what a finish the final score  atlanta seventeen  houston thirteen and the lowly falcons are flyin' high who would have thunk it ?#my daughter that is who
yeah me#lisa you have picked the winner every time you must have some kind of special gift
c'mon dad it does not take a genius to realize that houston's failed to cover their last ten outings on away turf the week after scoring more than three touchdowns in a conference game#oh my little girl says the cutest things
(happily) you know dad sunday is fast becoming my favorite day of the week#not sunday  (sweet) daddydaughter day
int moe's tavern)#the usual moe a beer and a wad of bills
here you go homer a hundred and thirtyfive dollars#(sagely) i used to hate the smell of your sweaty feet (sniffs deeply) now it is the smell of victory
(worried gasp) look at these prices we could finally get rid of those termites for the cost of this meal#tuttut only the best for my family
hello i am marco i will be your waiter#hello i am homer i will be your customer
(polite but icy) charming lad#(snaps fingers) oh violin guy
(snaps fingers) oh violin guy#(slipping him money) what is your favorite song lisa ?
the broken neck blues#play on
(chuckles) well maybe the paint has shut off his pores and he is slowly suffocating still that is a real fan#well lisa it is daddydaughter day and daddy needs daughter's picks
well lisa it is daddydaughter day and daddy needs daughter's picks#you promised you would not get mad
dad i am making the chiefs my fivestar silver bullet special and with your blessing i'd like to tie it to the cowboys plus five at chicago#good good you call moe
hey homer you wanna go bowling next sunday ?#barney are you nuts ? that is the super bowl how about the sunday after that ?
(happy) oh dad you must've bought me every malibu stacey accessory there is#not quite they were out of the malibu stacie lunar rovers
ooh perfume meryl streep's "versatility"#boy i know you are gonna like your present
homer those are very thoughtful presents but you have to tell me where you got the money from#(trapped) all right marge i will tell you but first you have to promise you will not get mad
i promise i will get mad because i always do when you make me promise i will not#all right if you must know lisa and i have been gambling on pro football
i did not i promised i would get mad she is an eightyearold girl#but marge she never loses she is got a gift are not parents supposed to encourage their kids whenever they show talent ?
but gambling is illegal#only in fortyeight states besides it is a victimless crime the only victim is moe heh heh heh and it is brought lisa and me together
well i just do not know#look what is the problem ? the kids are happy you smell like meryl streep and i have got that foot massager i have always wanted
look what is the problem ? the kids are happy you smell like meryl streep and i have got that foot massager i have always wanted#believe me marge nothing bad could possibly come of this
you know dad we have been watching a lot of tv lately maybe the sunday after the super bowl we could hike up to the top of mount springfield the fires in the tire yard really make for some beautiful sunsets#well that sounds great honey but next sunday i am going bowling with barney
(shocked) what about daddydaughter day ?#do not worry the new football season is only seven months away
(calling out window) i lisa simpson am hereby giving away all my illgotten malibu stacey accessories#look lisa i bought you a malibu stacey chinchilla coat
look lisa i bought you a malibu stacey chinchilla coat#huh ?
so you have come to buy my forgiveness sorry homer#look lisa honey i am sorry i hurt your feelings but i really had a good time watching football with you and i think you had a good time with me
yeah i did#well c'mon we can still watch the super bowl together can not we ? eh ? huh ? (chuckles)
(warming) well i would like to see what all the fuss is about#it is a date (slyly) so do you think the cowboys will beat the spread ?
look dad i will tell you who is gonna win the super bowl if you want me to but it will just validate my theory that you cared more about winning money than you did about me#(thinks a beat) okay
i think dallas is a mortal lock#dallas whoohoo
however#(frantic) however ? what however ? what do you mean however ? however what ?
however i may be so clouded with rage that subconsciously i want you to lose in which case i'd bet the farm on buffalo#lisa do me a favor complete this sentence "daddy should bet all his money on"
i do not know#(groans)
oh this sucks c'mon snipers where are you ?#(moans) oh every note is like a dagger in my heart i gotta get outta here
wow (belch)#do not worry moe i am not bettin'
(disappointed moan)#i had the greatest gift of all a little girl who could pick football and i ruined it
dallas kicks  oh it is a bad kick way too short buffalo's going to start with excellent field position#buffalo's gonna win lisa hates me (sobs)
whatcha got riding on this game ?#my daughter
hey homer did not you say if duff dry wins your daughter loves you ?#(aggravated) not duff dry dallas
okay okay they are both great teams#(looking up) huh ?
touchdown cowboys#all right we are back in business
so with three ticks left on the clock it all comes down to this one play if dallas scores here happy fans'll be looting and turning over cars in the lone star state tonight here's the handoff#please please please
int moe's)#yes she loves me she loves me
what are you so happy about homer ? you did not win any money#money comes and money goes but what i have with my daughter can go on for eight more years
come on dad#(breathless) it is beautiful
is not it though ?#after i catch my breath can we go home ?
(brat'us do nothaveacow'us)#(growls)
(growls)#(homo neanderthal'us)
(squeezing mustard bottle) extra mustard for bart sliced diagonally not lengthwise light mayo for lisa cut off the crust (removing bread crust) double bologna for homer#marge i split my pants again oooh can i have two sandwiches today ? make them bologna sandwiches too can i have two slices of bologna and cheese(etc)
thanks mom#(annoyed grunt)
videos to return grocery list flea dip for the cat homer's drycleaning  i think that is everything#marge can you take my ball to nick's today ? a bottle cap got lodged in the finger hole
homer i am running late as it is can not you just use one of the balls at the alley ?#(whiny) alley balls ?
where is my lucky red cap ?#(whiny) alley balls
int nuclear power plant  coffee room  day)#hey sweetheart what is the matter ? not gettin' enough of the good stuff at home ?
hey sweetheart what is the matter ? not gettin' enough of the good stuff at home ?#(annoyed grunt)
ext springfield memorial bridge  morning)#let me through let me through i am her husband
but do not put your lips on it or anything#(through megaphone) hello ? hello ? is this thing on ? hello ?
homer ? is that you ?#(panicky) what should i say ?
how about "yes it is me"#(through megaphone) yes it is me
(to homer) tell her you love her#(through megaphone) i love you very much
(through megaphone) i love you very much#(trying to help) and uh later tonight i think you and i should uh snuggle
(quietly to homer) why do not you just wrap it up ?#(through megaphone) look marge i can tell something's bothering you but if you come out of that car i promise to do whatever it takes to make it better please honey ?
int simpson house  master bedroom  continuous)#well all's well that ends well goodnight marge
(shaking homer awake)#(yawns)
homer#whaa
i need a vacation#what ? but marge we just had a vacation remember mystic caverns ?
what ? but marge we just had a vacation remember mystic caverns ?#(chuckles)
i need to unwind#i know you do marge but come on you know what our vacations are like those three monsters in the back seat (mocking) "are we there yet ? are we there yet ?" and let's face it i am no day at the beach either (mocking) "marge can i have another sandwich ? marge can i have another sandwich ?"
(sweetly) no i mean a vacation by myself#(shocked) what ? you mean we are getting a divorce ? (distraught) marge i can change
no homie no i still love you a lot of couples take separate vacations#well okay but you have to swear you are comin' back
i swear#all right then (falls asleep)
wish i'd thought of that#(grunts) she is startin' to give
uhhuh he will probably trade her for a beer and a nudie magazine#for your information i can take care of my  (small shriek)
for your information i can take care of my  (small shriek)#see ? got her on the first bounce
goodbye homie#good bye ? where is my clean underwear ?
(calling back) check the dryer#how often should i change maggie ?
whenever she needs it#marge marge how do i use the pressure cooker ?
int simpson house  maggie's bedroom  day)#hello maggie
hello maggie#sorry honey mommy went crazyand went far far away
sorry honey mommy went crazyand went far far away#(holding out picture) so it is going to be just you and me for awhile just you and me
then just push nine on your phone then the pound sign then foureightthree we will do the rest#c'mon maggie nummy nummy num
c'mon maggie nummy nummy num#mmm strained peas
mmm strained peas#(struggling noises) let go
(into phone) hi homie i feel much better#hi barney thanks for keeping me company
no problem (to maggie) well well if it is not little bart (scratching maggie's chin) remember your uncle barney ? hey homer let me hold him#(handing maggie over) all right but just be careful
int simpson house  maggie's bedroom  night)#(singing) go to sleep and goodnight/ (softer) da da da / da da da da da da da da/ dee dee dee / dee dee / (even softer) may your christmas day be nice (spoken) goodnight my little pork chop
int simpson house  maggie's bedroom  morning)#oh maggie time for your nine am feeding
oh maggie time for your nine am feeding#heh heh heh
heh heh heh#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#maggie ?
maggie ?#maggie ?
maggie ?#maggie ?
maggie ?#maggie ?
maggie ?#maggieeee
(waking up) oh man you want a bad night try sleeping on one of these#(upset) barney i have lost the baby it is the worst thing i have ever done
do not worry do not worry you know what i am gonna do ? i am gonna make you an omlette#just help me look
are you sure ? i make 'em with two kinds of cheese#(impatient) c'mon
come on#barney you are gonna pull her arm off
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#hello i'd like the department of missing babies
what do you want ?#i came to see the kids
wait here and do not steal any light bulbs#hmmm
dad#hey kids uh you have not seen maggie around anyplace have you ?
uhum#(moans) well i gotta go
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#(sobbing then) y'ello
int rancho relaxo  marge's room  day)#listen marge uh how would you feel if i told you the dog ran away ?
homer that is awful#(small) oh (then) well i have got good news for you the dog did not run away
well good i am coming home honey you can pick me up at the train station in an hour and bring the kids bye#(long anguished moan)
int simpson house  living room)#(rehearsing) now marge maggie was very young it is not like we got so attached to her (shakes his head) no (starts again) marge is not life funny ? one day they are babies the next thing you know they are off on their own oh
you the man who reported the lost baby ?#(tentative) yes
can you describe her ?#uh she is small she is a girl
bingo#(overjoyed) oh maggie
not so fast you are wanted on three counts of criminal neglect#(oblivious) you found my baby oh thank you thank you thank you
int homer's car  outside simpson house  a little later)#you are not going anywhere
hi did you miss me ?#never leave again never leave again never leave again
and from now on i hope you will help me out a little more than you are used to#you got it sweetheart you have enough blanket there ?
int simpson house  living room  night)#marge come here
marge come here#(to marge) can you believe it ? pretty soon i will be able to quit my job and live off the boy
what ? name me one person who is gotten rich by doing yoyo tricks#(annoyed grunt)
maybe we should let the dog in ?#marge dogs love the outdoors
i think he needs a dog house#yeah but what're ya gonna do ?
i will bet we could buy a nice doghouse for fifty dollars#(sighs then) marge you are a tool of the dog house makers
i am not#yes you are you have been brainwashed by all those dog house commercials on tv (beat) i know i will build him a dog house
(worried murmur) oh i do not know#do not worry i just drew up a little blueprint now let me walk you through it
do not worry i just drew up a little blueprint now let me walk you through it#this is the door he goes through that this is the roof and this happy character here is the sun he shines down on the house see
(to photo) you have got a date with a xerox machine#stupid lumber
stupid lumber#dammit son of a  (muffled curses)
dammit son of a  (muffled curses)#the hell with this
although actually there is only one and it is more of a love postcard from some brewery he visited#(tipsy) "maybe it is the beer talking marge but you have got a butt that will not quit they got those big chewy pretzels here (unintelligible mumbling) five dollars ? get outta here"
(crossing off list) he is not getting it from his brother that is for darn sure#damn crappy nails super glue my butt
ext simpson house  backyard  moments later)#(muttered curses)
homer ?#(rolling eyes) what is it flanders ?
i am afraid i have a bone to pick with you#look if this is about your camcorder  i lost it okay ?
no ii came to talk to you about your pottymouth#what the hell are you talking about ?
look homer all of us pull a few boners now and then go off halfcocked and make asses of ourselves so i do not want to be hard on you but i just wish you would not curse in front of my boys#oh come on now flanders i do not complain about your (searching) your moustache
what is wrong with my moustache ?#makes you look like you have got something to hide
what ?#people are talking lots of people
okay mister you have got yourself a deal i will shave off the soup strainer if you give the sailor talk the old heaveho okay ?#ayeaye (flanders exits) admiral butthead
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#hey marge do you want to hear something funny ? (gets into bed) flanders thinks i swear too much (chuckles beat) marge you are not laughing
well you know maybe he is right#well what a surprise marge sticks up for flanders can we have one conversation where you do not bring up your hero ned flanders ?
actually homer you brought up ned flanders i never said a word #look we are past that marge maybe i do curse a little but that is the way god made me and i am too old to stop now
no you are not when my father got out of the navy he used to curse a blue streak it almost cost him his job as a baby photographer so my mom put a swear jar in the kitchen every time he said a bad word he put in a quarter what do you think ?#well marge selfimprovement has always been a passion of mine bring on the swear jar
well marge selfimprovement has always been a passion of mine bring on the swear jar#do i have to pay if i hit my hand with the hammer ?
yes homer#what if i catch on fire ?
no homer#what if i see something really weird in the sky ?
yes homer#what about when we snuggle ?
homer that was a twenty#(starting to swear) god 
(starting to swear) god #ohh you sonofa
(chuckles) ah i tell ya the way these checks keep coming in it is almost criminal#you dirty bas
you dirty bas#what do ya think lisa ?
how is the dog supposed to get in ?#well he just goes ohhh
ext simpson house  backyard  day)#(calmly) oh fudge that is broken
(calmly) oh fudge that is broken#(calmly) fiddle dee dee that will require a tetanus shot i am not going to swear but i am going to kick this doghouse down
dad this is not a commentary on your skills but we bought you a new doghouse#where'd you get the money ?
there was more than enough in the swear jar (coy) and if you look inside the doghouse there is a little surprise#(flat) maggie oh cute
(picking up maggie) no behind her#(gasps) beer how did you know ?
mrs krabappel#(whistles) bart this is your teacher ? i should start going to parents night (growl)
homer bart you did a very cruel thing#boy you have got to go to your teacher and tell her the truth
no homer the truth would humiliate her#(moans) oh marge i only said it because i thought that is what you wanted to hear
maybe we should write her another letter one that says goodbye but lets her feel loved#step aside everyone sensitive love letters are my specialty
step aside everyone sensitive love letters are my specialty#"dear baby welcome to dumpville population you"
that is disgusting and besides when a woman loves a man it does not matter that a crocodile bit off his face#i may hold you to that marge
(makes buzzer sound) "i must finish this letter quickly for i have only four minutes to live"#three simple words i am gay
oh that is very good lisa#ps  i am gay
how shall we end it ?#how about (sweetly) "with a love that will echo through the ages ?"
ohhh homer you old honey dripper#(sweetly) why you little (chuckles)
int power plant  near the coffee machine)#mmm do  nuts (licks lips)
hey homer slow down you are gonna choke or somethin'#do not tell me how to eat donuts  (chokes on donuts)
softball starts this week#(coughing up donut) softball ?
(coughing up donut) softball ?#who is next ?
who is next ?#what is the matter with you guys ?
homer last year we were two and twentyeight#look i know it wasn't our best season
actually it was#well this year's gonna be different
oh yeah what makes you so damn sure ?#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(smugly) i have a secret weapon
ext simpson house  establishing)#come here boy i want to show you something
what is that ? a homemade bat ?#it is something very special a homemade bat (telling story) it all started last year during a terrible thunderstorm when i locked myself out of the house
it is something very special a homemade bat (telling story) it all started last year during a terrible thunderstorm when i locked myself out of the house#sheltering myself with a large piece of sheet metal i ran for cover under the tallest tree i could find
sheltering myself with a large piece of sheet metal i ran for cover under the tallest tree i could find#something told me this was a very special very magical piece of wood that i could make a bat out of
something told me this was a very special very magical piece of wood that i could make a bat out of#i put my homemade football on hold and set to work making the world's greatest bat
homer go back to the garage#and here it is
wow how many home runs you gonna hit with that ?#let's see we play thirty games ten at bats a game three thousand
okay homer bases loaded and you are up where is that secret weapon ?#check it out boys my magic bat
and i got an enchanted jock strap#yeah just watch
yeah just watch#woo hoooooo
woo hoooooo#(taunting) ha ha cops can not win
no i want to get him a beer#kids kids kids you can each get me a beer but first let's see it again in super slow motion
no sir whom should i kill ?#i did whoohoo whoohoo in your face strawberry
one more outburst like that and i will send you back to the big leagues#you are darryl strawberry
yes#you play right field
yes#i play right field too
so ?#well are you better than me ?
int simpson house  dining room  night)#it is not fair me and the guys worked so hard to get to the championship game and now we will be sitting on a bench
you hit so many home runs this year what makes you think this darryl strawberry character is better than you ?#marge forget it he is bigger than me faster than me stronger than me and he already has more friends around the plant than i do
you make me sick homer you are the one who told me i could do anything if i just put my mind to it#well now that you are a little bit older i can tell you that is a crock no matter how good you are at something there is always about a million people better than you
(hypnotized) that is impossible no one can give more than one hundred percent by definition that is the most any one can give#i got it i got it
yes#hey i called for that
wait a minute are you ken griffey jr ?#no
you heard me hippie#(to self) these guys are not so tough i have got "wonder bat"
(to self) these guys are not so tough i have got "wonder bat"#(screams)
(looking at list) aw nuts#please please please i want to make the team clemens did i make the team ?
sorry i did not mean to get your hopes up#(moan)
int springfield mystery spot)#(moans) one thing i am good at and i can not do it anymore
oh homie you are good at lots of things#like what ?
(tenderly) like snuggling#yeah but none of my friends can watch me
int simpson house  living room  morning)#where do you think you are going ?
to the game#(distraught) no no no i do not want you to see me sitting on my butt
all right tie game bottom of the ninth two outs bases loaded strawberry coming up#they are gonna win the championship no thanks to me
you should be very proud of yourself sit down simpson you are batting for strawberry#i am ? whoohoo
if i tug the bill of my cap like so#yes
it means the signal is a fake#uh uh
however i can take that off by dusting my hands thusly#got it
(finishing) got that simpson ?#yes sir
now batting for darryl strawberry homer simpson#huh ?
(running home) we won we won all right#(shocked) lurleen
(bitter) wait till next year (beat) if i am still alive#(laughing) good one lenny
oh you are a manager's dream strawberry#(moans)
(a little hurt) lisa it is not that bad#(mouth full) so what're you gonna be boy ?
(unhappily) policeman#(snorts chokes)
(proudly) that is nice bart you know your father wanted to be a policeman for a little while but they said he was too heavy#no the army said i was too heavy the police said i was too dumb
honey if that is what you want we will do anything we can to help#wait a minute is not anybody gonna follow in my footsteps ?
int simpson house  living room)#stupid fingers
my god they are stubby#(screams) look i did not steal that copper wire i just thought they were throwing it out here take it
no no sir we are here to pick up your son he is coming on a ridealong#good for you maybe this'll straighten the boy out
bart's grades are up a little this term but lisa's are way down#(moans) we always have one good kid and one lousy kid why can not both our kids be good ?
we have three kids homer#(rolls eyes indulgently) maaarge the dog does not count as a kid
no maggie#oh yeah
int teacher's lounge  next morning)#yeah
you know i heard the jackpot's up to one hundred and thirty million dollars#(spitting out beer) one hundred and thirty million dollars
(genial) yes yes here's your lottery ticket thank you for knocking over my inventory please come again#(into phone) bart i need some lucky numbers fast how old are you ? (writes) uhhuh and what is your birthday ? (writes) no kidding and what is lisa's birthday ? what ? you do not know your sister's birthday ? what kind of brother are you ?
int simpson house  living room)#you will never guess what happened marge (beat) are you ready ? (slowly and dramatically) i have a feeling that we may win the lottery
but we never ever#i know you are excited but calm down and listen to me carefully gogetallyourmoney
(interrupting) i buy one lottery ticket a week with the girls at the hair salon we each play our birthday and that is enough excitement for me#you do not understand marge the lottery is the one ray of hope in my otherwise unbearable life (beat) uh the lottery and you
homer we are on a tight budget here promise me you will not get carried away#yes money i mean honey ooooh here comes a news report about the lottery
yes money i mean honey ooooh here comes a news report about the lottery#(to dog) hey down in front
you can still win some money if you have five out of six#whoohoo
int simpson house  living room)#i have never been so sure of anything in my life i am going to win this lottery
homer the odds are three hundred and eighty million to one#(correcting her) correction three hundred and eighty million to fifty so what are you gonna do with your share of the money kids ?
give it to the poor#(snorts) what do kids know about spending money ?
what are you gonna do homer ?#hmm
hey homer what'd you do ? get a haircut or something ?#(booming voice) look closer lenny
oh i know what it is you are the biggest man in the world now and you are covered in gold#fourteen carat gold
int power plant  burns' office)#take a hike boss i am running things now
int simpson house  living room)#(giddy) i have got so many tickets i can not lose
and the second number is three#(annoyed grunt) receipts ugh
yeah i knew we would not win#(snidely) well why did not you tell the rest of us ? (exploding) why did you keep it a secret ? ? ? (angrily to bart) if you were seventeen we'd be rich but no you had to be (derisively) "10"
grampa he is not dead#dad you should not say the dog's dead when he is not
(sighs) this is the part of the job i hate#hey you did the best you could
this is never an easy decision it is an awful lot of money#well i guess we will have to talk it over
i can not help but notice we are leaving the hospital when is the dog going to get his operation ?#uh later first i want to tell you about the most wonderful place in the world doggie heaven
int simpson house  kitchen)#in doggie heaven there is mountains of bones and they can not turn around without sniffing another dog's butt and all the best dogs are there old yeller and about eight lassies and
is there a doggie hell ?#well of course there could not be a heaven if there weren't a hell
who is in there ?#uh hitler's dog and that dog nixon had whassisname uh chester
checkers#yeah and one of the lassies is in there too the mean one the one that mauled timmy
we are not going to let our dog die and that is it (under breath) lousy dogkilling sonsa#but it will be okay we will get him a new dog one with an untwistable stomach
but it will be okay we will get him a new dog one with an untwistable stomach#(to dog) oh come on (firmly) i am sorry but we just can not afford it (whines) marge make him stop
thanks mom#all right all right we will find a way (mumbles) lousy manipulative dog
int burns' office)#uh mr burns i need to borrow some money
please do go on#i know you are a good man and i have a dog that is very sick
oh please continue#i thought maybe you
i thought maybe you#(seeing guards) oh (to burns) well thanks for your time
no#what ?
you are not going to perform that operation yourself#but marge it looks so easy just like carving a turkey
but marge it looks so easy just like carving a turkey#maybe you are right marge
i have found a way we can pay for the operation#(happy) whattaya got marge ? insurance scam ?
i am going to give up buying my weekly lottery ticket and i found a way to stretch the food budget fried chicken night will now be organ meat night ham night will be spam night and porkchop night#(moans)
 will now be chub night#(to self) chub ? i do not even know what that is
we all have to make sacrifices dear maggie's baby clothes will have to last for a little longer#marge i have figured out an alternative to giving up my beer basically we become a family of traveling acrobats
ext simpson house  establishing)#lousy chub night hey how come he gets meat and we do not ?
you would not want what he is eating it is mostly just snouts and entrails#mmm snouts
yes i am back kent brockman is not the kind of a man who would leave a $500000 a year job just because he won a lottery hey i am a journalist#(muttering) well he is got all the money in the world but there is one thing he can not buy
what is that ?#(thinks then) a dinosaur
c'mon boozehound you want the twenty five cents do not you ? keep singin'#(singing) buffalo gals will not you come out tonight / come out tonight / come out tonight oh buffalo gals
(offended) before his dog got sick that "old rummy" used to be my best customer#(singing) and dance by the light of the moonnnnnnnn
go get it pal#my quarter (moan)
int simpson house  living room  evening)#i know you can not understand me but you are a lousy dog and i hate you
homie did you close the gate ?#(sleepy) yes
(sleepy) yes#(covering) oh you mean tonight
the dog will get out#(yelling) bart close the gate
(moan) it is all my fault i called him a dumb dog#(tragic) oh he is gone and he is never coming back wait there he is no that is a horse
why here's the fellow wiry fast firm proud buttocks reminds me of me#uhthe last one
poor santa's little helper i am starting to think we will never see him again#(teary) that was his dish and that was his leash and that is where he took a whiz on the rug
(eyeing kids) homer get ahold of yourself even if he has passed on there is no reason to cry remember doggie heaven#(sobbing) oh marge there is no such place
(sobbing) oh marge there is no such place#or to put it another way there is
i am not giving up i do not care if i have to knock on every door in this twobit town i am gonna find my dog#and i will be right here watching tv
um excuse me sir i lost my dog#two tickets for
int simpson house  living room)#let me pet him again
you already petted him for ten minutes#i know i want to pet him again
you can pet the cat#(disdainful) the cat ? what is the point ?
look dad there is a spot#(annoyed grunt)
oh there is a spot dear#(annoyed grunt) oooh there is a good one
(worried) that spot says "compact only"#marge that is just a suggested car size
marge that is just a suggested car size#easy easy how'm i doing on the right ?
uh we are getting a lot of sparks over here dad#(oblivious) uh huh easy easy perfect (beat) all right everybody out the window
ext springfield googolplex movie theatre  box office)#ooh they all look great
"honey i hit a school bus"#"look who is oinking" "look who is oinking"
well since we will never agree why do not you kids pick a movie your dad and i will pick a movie then we will all meet in the lobby later hmm ?#that is right
sold out#(moan)
maybe we could see something a little more adult#(coyly) why marge you frisky little devil
(coyly) why marge you frisky little devil#we will take two tickets to (slight leer) "the stockholm affair"
ooh the paper called it a "taut political thriller"#"political" (moans)
get me jed kolick#(loud whisper to marge) ah this movie's too complicated hey the floor's sticky
(loud whisper to marge) ah this movie's too complicated hey the floor's sticky#who is that guy ? what did that guy say when i said "who is that guy ?"
who is that guy ? what did that guy say when i said "who is that guy ?"#oh that submarine's so fake look you can see the strings (scared) ooh an octopus
oh that submarine's so fake look you can see the strings (scared) ooh an octopus#(innocent) what ?
int movie theatre #1  later)#i think that guy's a spy
well of course he is a spy you just saw him go through spy school#oh wait i heard how this ends it turns out the secret code was the same nursery rhyme he told his daughter
oh wait i heard how this ends it turns out the secret code was the same nursery rhyme he told his daughter#hey it is pretty obvious if you think about it
and stress is collecting in the trouble spots here here and here making for one unhappy pappy#(growls)
homie are not you coming inside ?#marge i have always carried myself with a certain quiet dignity tonight you robbed me of it i am going now and i do not know when you will see me again
int simpson car  later)#mmm
mmm#(sniffing) ew a skunk
(sniffing) ew a skunk#(gasping noises) oh no
ext country bar  a little later)#ooh a redneck bar
them's fightin' words#duff please
we do not sell duff we sell fudd#okay fudd me
(to lurleen) they are all yours#(mumbling) stupid marge tell me to shut up
(sings) you work all day for some old man/ sweat and break your back/#yeah
then you go home to your castle/ (sings) but your queen will not cut you slack/# that is true
(sings) that is why you are losin' all your hair/ (sings) that is why you are overweight/#uhhuh
(sings) that is why you flipped your pickup truck right off the interstate/#that is right except for the pickup truck
that is right except for the pickup truck#oh no i went to this bar the other night and they
(sings) there is a lot of bull they hand you/ there is nothin' you can do/ your wife do not understand you/ but i do/ no your wife do not understand you/ but i do/ (sings) i said no one understands you/ but i do/#hey hey lurleen i have gotta say somethin' to ya
i am listenin'#your song touched me in a way i have never felt before and which way to the can ?
so what is your name stranger ?#homer j simpson
my name's lurleen lumpkin#that is a pretty name
oh you think so ?#maybe i am not sure i forgot it
maybe i am not sure i forgot it#bye lurleen
ext simpson house  morning)#(hums then) y'ello
where were you all night ?#i was just up at this bar in spittle county
you should have called i was very worried#(cutting her off) marge let's end this feudin' and a fussin' and get down to some lovin'
int nuclear power plant  evening)#(sings)i work all day for some old man/ i sweat and break my back/
int bowling alley  night)#(sings) your wife do not understand you/ but i do
int moe's tavern  night)#hey moe you got any fudd ?
fudd ? i thought they took that off the market after all those hillbillies went blind#moe i was a hundred miles outta town
well if it is not homer j simpson#lurleen i can not get your song outta my mind i have not felt this way since "funky town"
oh are not you sweet#do you think i could get a copy of it ?
sorry darlin' all my songs are up here (she points to her head) "i am bastin' a turkey with my tears" "do not look up my dress unless you mean it" "i am sick of your lyin' lips and false teeth"#lurleen we have gotta crack open your head and scoop out those songs
well i do not know#come with me
homer it is your quarter what do you say ?#(thinks a long beat then) i guess so
country music sucks all it does is take precious air space away from shock dj's whose cruelty and profanity amuse us all#shut up boy (excited) marge what do you think ?
well it is nice but who is this woman ?#well right now she is an outofwork cocktail waitress but she is going to be a country music superstar like uh that jerk in the cowboy hat and that dead lady
i do not like you hanging around with some cocktail waitress#marge you make it sound so seamy all i did was spend the afternoon in her trailer watching her try on some outfits
(concerned murmur)#(friendly into phone) well hi lurleen we were just talking about you uh i think i can come over let me ask my wife
(extremely angry murmur)#(into phone oblivious) it is a date
oh homer everybody's been callin' mamma daddy the triplets vonda mae piney jo and i owe it all to you#do not thank me lurleen you should be thanking your brain
oh homer no man has ever been this nice to me without you know wantin' somethin' in return#well i was going to ask you for a glass of water but now i feel kinda guilty about it
(laughs) homer you are just a big sack of sugar#thanks (beat) you did say sugar right ?
uhhuh (beat) now homer i want you to be my manager#really ? well i should warn you i am not great with figures
that is okay#i make a lot of stupid decisions
nobody's perfect#i did bad in school
i did not even go#my personal hygiene has been described as
ext simpson house  establishing  night)#(proudly) marge look at me
i am sick of that waitress and all the time you have been spending with her and this whole country music thing#(looking at his suit) uh then maybe you better not look at me
(gasps) homer where did you get that suit ?#a friend bought it for me
was it lurleen ?#no i think it was lenny
do not lie to me are you having an affair with this woman ?#no
have you kissed her ?#no
has she kissed you ?#a coupla times
i want you to stop seeing her#i can not i am her manager
her manager ? that is ridiculous i will not allow you to spend any more time away from your family#marge you are standing in the way of my boyhood dream of managing a beautiful country singer
your boyhood dream was to eat the world's biggest hoagie and you did it at the county fair last year remember ?#marge lurleen's gonna be a big success and whether you like it or not i am going to be there
this studio has a lot of history buddy holly stood on this spot in 1958 and said "there is no way in hell that i am gonna record in this dump"#i am sure lurleen will love it
homer how much did you just give that man ?#calm down marge it is just our life savings i am not going to go into hock for this
hmmm (to homer) i thought you said she was overweight#marge it takes two to lie one to lie and one to listen
(sings) i am askin' will you bunk with me tonight ?#(covering) i do not have time to answer all these questions uh time is money (clapping hands) come on people
hey dad can i do a hambone solo ?#stop it
lurleen we are gonna have to cut you off we are getting some kind of grinding noise on the track#(snapping fingers) you off the bench
int lurleen's trailer  night)#guess what lurleen i got you a gig on tv
oh homer you are as smart as you are handsome#(offended) hey (beat) oh you meant that as a compliment (then) now on this show they want you to sing two songs maybe we should give them something new
(suggestively) well i have been working on something that could really heat things up#let's hear it
(sings) in this trailer i get so cold and lonely/ lyin' there awake at night/ muttering if only you weren't married/ so i might ask you to bunk with me tonight/ bunk with me tonight/ oh bunk with me tonight/ i am askin' will you bunk with me tonight ?#(oblivious) oh that is hot there is not a man alive who would not get turned on by that well g'bye
uh homer there is a hidden message to this song that you may have missed really listen (sings) bunk with me tonight#uhhuh
(sings) bunk with me tonight#right
that is right homer j#uh i gotta think about this
(into phone) i gotta go (hangs up) homer#later marge lurleen's on tv tonight i gotta get ready
just so you know while you and lurleen were out judging that greased pig contest maggie cut her first tooth#(absently) that is great honey say have you seen my rattlesnake hatband ?
you are not even listening to me#(not listening) sure they will
you have got a wonderful family homer please do not forget it when you walk out that door tonight#uh i gotta go
excuse me are you colonel homer simpson ?#yes i am
i am from rebel yell records a division of togasaki corp i am interested in buying lurleen's contract#forget it pal they do not call me colonel homer because i am some dumbass army guy
int lurleen's dressing room  a little later)#lurleen they loved you
well thank you  i am still a little itchy from that fiberglass hay#is there anything you need ?
what is wrong ?#my whole romantic life is flashing before my eyes
no#at least could i have my dollar ba
i will love you for the rest of my life#i am sorry lurleen all i wanted to do was share your beautiful voice with other people and i have done that now i better get out of here before i lose my family
i am sorry lurleen all i wanted to do was share your beautiful voice with other people and i have done that now i better get out of here before i lose my family#just so i do not wonder you would've gone all the way with me would not you ?
uhhuh#(sighs pained) okay
(sighs pained) okay#now before we negotiate i have to tell you i am desperate to unload lurleen and i will take any offer
i will give you fifty bucks#you son of a sold
homer ?#is there any room in that bed for a dadburn fool ?
(chuckling) these talking dinosaurs are more real than most real families on tv#(chuckling) look maggie they have a baby too
now kids i know you are all excited about meeting aunt selma's new boyfriend tonight#pfft
ewww#ooooh
that is right aunt selma your new boyfriend here framed krusty the clown for armed robbery#gee if some snotnosed little kid sent me to prison the first thing out i'd find out where he lives and tear him a new bellybutton
gee if some snotnosed little kid sent me to prison the first thing out i'd find out where he lives and tear him a new bellybutton#lousy snitch (jabbing sound)
(chuckles) ahh mr simpson you are forgetting the first two noble truths of the buddha#i am not
indeed i did (emotional) and i'd like to thank you for catching me bart you seized the wheel of my slow boat to hell and pointed it straight towards the sunny shores of selma#hear hear
(writing) white and what would you like for appetizers ?#oooh appetizers
well homer you seem to be a trencherman what should we serve ?#well you can not go wrong with cocktail weenies they taste as good as they look and they come in this delicious red sauce it looks like catsup  it tastes like ketchup but brother it ain't ketchup
very well i i i can not do it even that car chase seemed tacked on#oh would you two knock it off ? i hate all the programs marge likes but it is no big deal you know why ?
oh would you two knock it off ? i hate all the programs marge likes but it is no big deal you know why ?#whenever marge puts on one of her nonviolent programs i take a walk i go to a bar i down a few and i stumble home in the mood for love
int reception hall  later)#(chomping noises)
(chomping noises)#hey wiener boy where do you think you are going ?
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#hey and after we watch this we can tape over it (chuckles)
aunt selma has one hour to live#hey down in front
dad when aunt selma lights up her cigarette at the end of macgyver she will be blown to kingdom come#come again ?
after trying four times to explain it to homer i explained it to mom and we were on our way#to the simpson mobile
hey homer let's book i want to get there in time to whip eggs at the warmup act#wow my concert going jacket still fits (to bart) and this is where i used to hide my beer
wow my concert going jacket still fits (to bart) and this is where i used to hide my beer#(gasps happily) billy beer
my little guy's first rock concert i hope the spinal taps do not play too loud#oh marge i went to thousands of heavy metal concerts and it never hurt me
hmmm well all right but make sure they do not pick up any of the band's attitudes towards women liquor religion politics really anything#i hear ya come on boy
ext springfield coliseum  night)#now just meet me back here after the show
thanks dad sure you are not gonna be bored ?#(knowing chuckle) boy some of the best times i have ever had were in the back seat of a car (chuckles)
int homer's car)#(shuddering) oh baby
knock it off#(sings) there was a little spanish flea a record star he thought he'd be he heard of singers like beatles the chipmunks he'd seen on tv why not a little spanish flea ? and so he hid inside a dog
(murmurs) we will discuss it later is milhouse okay ?#i will be right back
homer i have been thinking about what bart said if he is really interested in being a musician maybe we should buy him a guitar#well that is a waste of money we already have a guitar
i meant a real guitar#this is real
and it came with a free instruction book#now boy we spent a lot of money so you better get real good real fast or pow
homer#hey i thought i was supposed to encourage him
(on tape) mom can otto live in our garage for as long as he wants ? (imitating marge) he sure can#marge what were you thinking ?
that is not my voice#oh everybody says that when they hear themselves on tape
(chuckles) the admiral and i do not get along (to homer) please let me stay here i have got nowhere else to go#forget it that line did not work for my dad and it is not gonna work for you
i know we did not ask for this homer but does not the bible say "whatsoever you do to the least of my brothers that you do unto me ?"#yes but does not the bible also say "thou shalt not take moochers into thy hut" ?
please dad if you let otto stay he will help around the house and chip in a few bucks whenever he can#(grudgingly) all right he can stay but i get to treat him like garbage
int garage  evening)#will you knock it off i can not hear myself think
will you knock it off i can not hear myself think#that is better (to bart) hey how come you never play your guitar anymore ?
uhhuh#(kindly) son come here (bart gets on homer's knee) heh heh heh of course i am not mad if something's hard to do then it is not worth doing you just stick that guitar in the closet next to your short wave radio your karate outfit and your unicycle and we will go inside and watch tv
(smiles) what is on ?#(warmly) it does not matter
ext simpson bathroom  morning)#open up open up i gotta go and no fooling
hey pop 'n'fresh (beat) you are supposed to giggle#(growls)
(growls)#(grossedout noise)
int simpson house  living room  night)#that guy has gotta go
(alarmed) hey hey i was just kidding#(annoyed murmur) that is it he is outta here
but homer we are the only family he is got#i do not care this is not "happy days" and he is not the fonz
(entering) heyyy mr s#listen you drain clogging last cookieeating collect callgetting sponge i want you out of my house
int simpson house  master bedroom  day)#why you little
why you little#what the (annoyed grunt)
maybe i should go#so long stomach we have had a lot of great memories
int simpson house  living room  night)#this sucks where is that channel changer ?
this sucks where is that channel changer ?#(several feeble grunts) oh eh i will give it a chance
(seductively) we take eighteen ounces of sizzling ground beef and soak it in rich creamery butter then we top it off with bacon ham and a fried egg we call it the "good morning burger"#(shudders in awe)
(seductively) we start with pure milk chocolate#chocolate
add a layer of farmfresh honey#ooh sweet
dad what if i told you you could lose weight without dieting or lifting a finger ?#i'd say "you are a lying scumbag" why sweetie ?
according to eternity magazine you can lose weight through subliminal learning that is where an idea is subtly implanted in your head without you even knowing it#oh lisa that is a load of rich creamery butter
they will send you tapes you listen to while you sleep as you hear newage music a powerful message goes to your brain telling you to eat less#lose weight and listen to newage music ? wow what do you think marge ?
hmmm hostage negotiations#listen tabouli we are ignoring all of your demands what do you say to that ?
homer has the weightloss tape reduced your appetite ?#(moans) lamentably no my gastronomic rapacity knows no satiety
i do not know if that tape is working you ate three desserts tonight#forbearance is the watchword that triumvirate of twinkies merely overwhelmed my resolve
(puzzled) there is another thing i have been wanting to talk to you about#tut tut gentle marge for here in the boudoir the gourmand metamorphasizes into the voluptuary
int simpson house  kitchen  later)#now there is a machiavellian countenance
now there is a machiavellian countenance#ooha sextet of ale
well milhouse "'tis better to have loved and lost" yada yada yada let's go to the arcade#(thinks) nah
dad dad do you know what today is ?#the vernal equinox ?
(puzzled) you have gained thirteen pounds#disingenuous mountebanks with their subliminal chicanery a pox on them
int simpson's kitchen  day)#marge where is that metal dealie you use to dig food
you mean a spoon ?#(nods head vigorously) yuh yuh yuh
(nods head vigorously) yuh yuh yuh#yeah that is good
int power plant  main work area)#forgot there was a physical today huh ?
hey no eating in the tank#go to hell
how was your day at work dear ?#oh the usual stand in front of this open that pull down this bend over spread apart that turn your head that way cough
homer#herb ?
and now the next eventin our living room olympics the always controversial couch vault i do this for stain master carpets proud sponsor of the living room olympics#what the hell are you two (shrieks)
what the hell are you two (shrieks)#(sobs) oh my couch the arms the seat the dream is over all right who did this ?
there there you are safe now little sister#well why did this have to happen now during primetime when tv's brightest stars come out to shine ?
well why did this have to happen now during primetime when tv's brightest stars come out to shine ?#(turns to couch) oh goodbye old girl we have had a lot of great memories
"that is right i shot jr"#(gasps)
"well i never thought i'd see it they are dancing on the berlin wall these lithe and lively lovers of liberation"#boring
pyle#well friend you are going back where you came from the curb in front of flanders' house
(pats on shoulder) yeah you gonna to be okay ?#(touching carl's hand) yeah you know my life just can not get any worse
(touching carl's hand) yeah you know my life just can not get any worse#that is right there is no way my life could possibly get any worse
(over pa) simpson report to mr burns' office at once#(annoyed grunt)
ah simpson you big virile sonofa gun how would you like a check for twothousand dollars ?#would i
all you have to do is sign this form#(suspicious) wait a minute i am not signing anything until i read it or somebody gives me the gist of it
(disgusted noise) all right well it just explains that you have won  yes that is it  won the first annual uh montgomery burns uh award for aaa outstanding achievement inaa th th the field of uh excellence#do not i get some kind of trophy ? at a big award ceremony ?
(singing) "it is the first annual montgomery burns/ award for #herb
webster's dictionary defines excellence as "the quality or condition of being excellent" and now the winner of the first annual montgomery burns award for outstanding achievement in the field of excellence#please please please please please
dad you know you won#do not jinx it
the winner (reading envelope) homer simpson#oh my god woo hoo i win
you cleaned me out smokin' joe what is the matter homer ? cummerbund too tight ?#(sadly) i miss my couch
i know how you feel you lost a couch i lost a heavyweight championship#pfft heavyweight championship there is like three of those that couch was one of a kind
let's do it#(finishing beer) i think i am gonna take a walk
ext street  night)#i feel so empty so alone so couchless (gasps)
i feel so empty so alone so couchless (gasps)#wow the spine melter 2000
int furniture store  the next day)#give me full power
but sir#dammit i said full power
dad ? dad ?#(being vibrated) i will take it
this chair is $2000 we could buy a whole living room set for that#marge there is an empty spot i have always had inside me i tried to fill it with family religion community service but those were dead ends i think this chair is the answer
this money was a blessing we can not just spend it on some creature comfort#all right we will not get the chair now excuse me while i kiss the sky
int simpson house)#they are singing again lousy neighbors wish i was deaf
bart lisa i am so glad to see you#(rubbing jaw) you weren't so glad to see me
i am sorry homer but i am still mad at you every word you say just makes me want to punch you in the face#well while you are a guest in my home could you just kick me in the butt ?
can not complain#herb let me give you the grand tour this is one of our many light switches it functions in both the on and off mode
herb let me give you the grand tour this is one of our many light switches it functions in both the on and off mode#on off on off
homer he knows how to work a light switch#oh yeah right (moves to second switch) i do not know what this switch does
i got the recipe from the utility grade beef counsel#they do good work
that is all i got#(amused) broke again eh herb ? just like in real life (chuckles) i guess you are just not much of a businessman
(amused) broke again eh herb ? just like in real life (chuckles) i guess you are just not much of a businessman#(moan)
"paradise regained" "martin chuzzlewit" or herman melville's twin classics "omoo" and "typee"#wait marge did not you want to spend that money on a vibrating chair ?
how would you like to spend two thousand dollars to give a broken man a second chance ?#nah
upupupup not here come into the dining room i want to give you a twentyminute presentation that will change the world#(whiny) twenty minutes ? (moan)
okay now before i tell you about my idea i'd like to show you this#(pointing) it is drinking the water
take it easy homer now this is an example of how one little idea  carefully marketed#this is the greatest invention in the world you will make a million dollars
(patiently) no homer that invention is out already i am just using it as an example#(chuckles) it is going back for more
(chuckles) it is going back for more#(disappointed sound)
dad you know some shyster's gonna bilk you out of your money it may as well be your brother#all right herb i will lend you the two thousand bucks but you have to forgive me and treat me like a brother
nope#okay then just give me the drinking bird
what do you think homer ?#herb this is the stupidest thing i have ever seen i can not believe we blew two thousand bucks on it when right now rollers could be kneading my buttocks
homer could you stop thinking about your ass#i try but i can not
you see it tells you exactly what is on the baby's mind#(phew) never mind
well homer now what do you think ?#i dunno herb people are afraid of new things you should have taken an existing product and put a clock in it or something
(through baby translator) i have soiled myself how embarrassing#i gave herb all the money i had in the world and still he treats me like something he dug out of his ear
do not worry he can not stay mad at you forever he is your brother#well when is he gonna act like it ?
(through baby translator) i want what the dog's eating#(annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#herb i do not think there is a vibrating chair in that bag for me
homer walk me to my car#what do i get ? what do i get ? it is not another punch in the face is it ? because if it is i do not want it
this is what you get homer i forgive you you can call me brother and i can do the same#that is it ?
that is it#(sincerely) i see your point brother
gimme a hug brother#all right but i never really hugged a man before
int simpson house  bart's bedroom  night)#wake up boy
(moans) oh i dreamt it was the last day of school#well it is
(reminding homer) homie you do remember your promise to the children ?#(cheerfully) sure do (to kids) when you are eighteen you are out the door
dbac#now listen boy we have an understanding and you would better keep your end of it i do not think i'd be any kind of a father if you got d's and i let you go to kamp krusty
but dad#son if you really want something in this life you have to work for it now quiet they are about to announce the lottery numbers
17#(annoyed grunt)
32#(annoyed grunt)
5#(annoyed grunt)
8#woohoo
47#(annoyed grunt)
well here goes nothin'#(annoyed grunt) stupid rollerskate
well dad here's my report card i think you will be pleasantly surprised#a+ ? you do not think much of me do you boy ?
(politely) no sir#you know a d turns into a b so easily you just got greedy
(crying) so i will not get to go to camp ?#now bart we made this deal because i thought it would help you get good grades and you did not but why should you pay for my mistake ?
you mean i can go ?#yeah i did not want you hangin' around all summer anyway
oh dad you are the best father a boy could ever have#thanks son (rubbing bart's hair) now you have got little hands can you reach under that mower and pull out that skate ?
ah sure there'll be a couple of uptight counselors who will not dig the bart philosophy but i feel the human body is a thing of beauty#marge am i crazy or is my back getting hairier ?
hey hands off my pickle#i do not see your name on it boy
no but (slurping noise)#oh yeah ?
oh yeah ?#check mate
goodbye my special little guy lisa (kisses) watch out for poison ivy remember "leaves of 3 let it be#"leaves of 4 eat some more" (laughs)
you can have the shower to yourself homie i am finished#(smoothly) oh no you are not
(swooning) ohhh#hehehe
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#marge since the kids left i lost five pounds
oh that is wonderful#and look new hair
and look new hair#i am this close to having a combover
dear kids i hope this letter finds you well we are doing great your father is in the best shape he is been sincewell ever#size right agility
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#ah kids' letters from camp
(very happy moan) oh homer it is getting late we will miss the fireworks#marge we have got all the fireworks we need right here
do not be the boy do not be the boy#(annoyed grunt)
i have not been in a play since high school and i thought it would be a good chance to meet some other adults#sounds interesting
you know i spend all day alone with maggie and sometimes it is like i do not even exist#sounds interesting
it is time to name our five finalists starting with miss montana#(smoothly) a beaut from butte
miss south carolina#nothin' could be finah
miss delaware#she uh (long pause) good for her
(singing scales) lalalalalalala#(annoyed) marge keep it down in there
tonight my reign as miss american girl comes to an end and i'd like to apologize one last time for my unfortunate remarks at the united nations#maggie cut that racket
maggie cut that racket#(notices coat) and where exactly are you going ?
(tired) i am auditioning for a play#well this is the first i have heard about it
i told you several times it is a musical version of "a streetcar named"#excuse me marge i think that if you told me i would remember i mean i am not an idiot
(uncertain) well i thought i told you#kids back me up
sorry#match point homer
i am sorry honey#(magnanimously) that is okay we are none of us perfect
i do not think so#bart do not ask stupid questions (to marge) is there any frontal nudity ?
homer can you run some lines with me ?#(distracted) make bart do it
gutterball#(annoyed grunt) you see marge while you are off in your little world you forgot that other people have problems too
i am sorry llewellyn i just i just do not see why blanche should shove a broken bottle in stanley's face could not she just take his abuse with gentle good humor ?#marge your ride's here
marge marge i am asking for white hot rage and you are giving me a hissy fit#marge can i get some change for the candy machine ?
(angry) oh here#(picking through change delighted) hey there is quarters in here
marge every second you spend with this man he is crushing your fragile spirit you can not let that happen#woohoo come to papa (gathering candy) marge i will be out in the car
(sings) all i want is one embrace#marge move it or lose it
int simpson house  dining room  night)#salt me
(as blanche) heah you ah homah#(annoyed) wha th why are you talking like that ?
can i slog off school tomorrow ? got a pain in me gulliver#i am livin' in a cuckoo clock
(looks at watch) see you later kids ah've got to go rehearse with ned#but marge what about dessert ?
for god's sake you can pull the lid off your own can of pudding#(defiant) fine i will
(defiant) fine i will#(distraught) oh no my pudding is trapped forever (shakes can of pudding in marge's direction) so i can open my own can of pudding can i ? shows what you know marge
ext flanders house  a little later)#( la "stella") maaaarge hey maaaaaarrrrge
int simpson house  master bedroom)#so what time does this play start ?
(sharply) why ? are you going ?#well i gotta do not i ?
(sharply) i am sure you will not enjoy it there is nothing about bowling in the play oh wait there is#probably not much of it
why can not you be a little more supportive ?#because i do not care okay ? i can not fake an interest in this and i am an expert at faking an interest in your kooky projects
(getting angry) what kooky projects ?#you know the painting class the first aid course that whole lamaze thing
why did not you tell me you felt this way ?#(sweetly) you know i would never do anything to hurt your feelings (chipper) good night
if i break buy a new one (laugh)#maggie time to go to the (scream)
maggie time to go to the (scream)#(shudders) babies
it is mom#huh ?
(pointedly) almost everybody#kids wait in the car i want to talk to your mother about this play thing
lookin' for a spot of fun with the missus eh guv'nor ?#shut up boy
shut up boy#marge you were terrific
oh come on homer by the end you were so bored you could barely keep your selfish head up#(defensive) i wasn't bored i was sad it really got to me how that lady  (trying to remember name) uh uh you know which one i mean you played her
blanche#yeah how blanche was sad and how that guy stanley  should have been nice to her
let's get 'em#i mean it made me feel bad the poor thing ends up being hauled to the nut house when all she needed was for that big slob to show her some respect (sheepishly) at least that is what i thought i have a history of missing the point of stuff like this
ext alleyway  night)#hey you know i am a lot like that guy
really ?#yeah like when i pick my teeth with the mail and stuff
int womb)#(dreamily) ahhh another beautiful day in the womb (sings) lalalalala lalala lalala (screams)
(dreamily) ahhh another beautiful day in the womb (sings) lalalalala lalala lalala (screams)#leggo leggo
int simpson house  master bedroom  day)#i am all naked and wet
get up homer it is time for church#(under the covers) don' wanna go
it is church you have to go#too cold out
(firmly) i am tired of having this argument every sunday get dressed#(groans) oh stupid itchy church pants
(groans) oh stupid itchy church pants#(grunting noises) one size fits all my butt
(mad) come on we are going to be late#forget it i am not going
int simpson house  master bedroom  homer's bed)#ahhh i am just a big toasty cinnamon bun i never want to leave this bed (eyes open) uhoh gotta take a whiz think man think think think think i better get up
ahhh i am just a big toasty cinnamon bun i never want to leave this bed (eyes open) uhoh gotta take a whiz think man think think think think i better get up#i am whizzing with the door open  and i love it
i am whizzing with the door open  and i love it#(sings) whyyy oh whyyy delilahhh ? (shivers)
it is eleven kbbl degrees below zero i hope you are someplace warm#you bet your sweet ass (laughs)
(singing) who wears short shorts ?#(singing) i wear short shorts
(singing) i wear short shorts#the perfect chance to make my patented space age outofthisworld moon waffles
the perfect chance to make my patented space age outofthisworld moon waffles#let's see here caramels waffle batterliquid smoke
let's see here caramels waffle batterliquid smoke#oooh waffle run off
oooh waffle run off#mmm fattening
int simpson house  living room)#uhoh (whistles) here boy
uhoh (whistles) here boy#okay okay okay okay okay (giggles)
of course johnny's next record was a spokenword album of his rightwing political views that kinda killed his career if you can tell me the name of that album call our contest line  now#(gasps) i know that
(gasps) i know that#hello this is homer simpson
homer can you name that title ?#(looking at the album) "this things i believe"
uh can we accept that ?#woohoo
you heard the lady  grab her spine and get cracking#hehhehheh (making an observation) moe is their leader
int simpson living room  day)#(crossing fingers) come on tv gimme some of that sweet sweet pap
let's define our terms gentleman are we talking about redistricting or are we talking about reapportionment ? because the two are by no means the same#(sadly) oh well can not win 'em all
we interrupt this public affairs program to bring you a football game#yesss
(beside himself) oh doctor a 98yard triple reverse ties the score at 6363 we have seen nothing but razzledazzle here today three visits from morganna the kissing bandit and the astonishing return of jim brown#woohoo
woohoo#(gasps) is that what i think it is ?
mmm hmm#(awed) i found a penny
(awed) i found a penny#(thinking) could this be the best day of my life ?
(thinking) could this be the best day of my life ?#looks like we have a new champion
looks like we have a new champion#ah my beloved family how was church ?
(mutters curses)#i on the other hand have been having the best day of my life and i owe it all to skipping church
that is a terrible thing to say kids your father does not really mean that#like fun i do not marge i am never going to church again
(shocked) homer are you actually giving up your faith ?#(vehement) no no no no no no no (thinks) well yes
i can not believe you are giving up church homer#hey what is the big deal about going to some building every sunday ? i mean is not god everywhere ?
amen brother#and do not you think that the almighty has better things to worry about than where one little guy spends one measly hour of his week ?
tell it daddy#and what if we picked the wrong religion ? every week we are just making god madder and madder
lord my husband is by no means perfect but he is a kind decent man please show him the error of his ways#(seductive) marge come to bed
no homer (continues praying) he does not mean to be sacrilegious lord he just likes to sleep in on sundays#(temptingly) maarge come to bed marge
(temptingly) maarge come to bed marge#(seductive) it is good for what ails ya
(seductive) it is good for what ails ya#(singsong) i can wait all  (falls asleep snores)
(singsong) i can wait all  (falls asleep snores)#god ?
(thunderous voice) thou hast forsaken my church#(quaking) well kind of but
but what ?#(faking it) and you remember matthew 2117
(faking it) and you remember matthew 2117#i am not a bad guy i work hard and i love my kids so why should i spend half my sunday hearing about how i am going to hell ?
(confidentially) you know sometimes even i'd rather be watching football does st louis still have a team ?#no they moved to phoenix
(disappointed) oh yeah#you know what i really hate about church ? those boring sermons
(sighs) i could not agree more that reverend lovejoy really displeases me i think i will give him a canker sore#give him one for me
i will#(gaining confidence) so i figure i should just try to live right and worship you in my own way
dad can i ask you a question ?#sure honey
why are you dedicating your life to blasphemy ?#do not worry sweetheart if i am wrong i will recant on my deathbed
do not worry sweetheart if i am wrong i will recant on my deathbed#hello my animal friends peace be with you
hello my animal friends peace be with you#(irritated) guys please could you give me five minutes ?
no it is nothing bad i am just concerned because my husband has not been attending your services lately#well i wasn't sure i was doing the right thing but then god himself told me i should seek a new path
(disbelieving) oh really ?#yeah he appeared before me in a dream and i knew that was special 'cause i usually dream about naked(covering) marge
so homer you saw the big cheese ? what'd he look like ?#perfect teeth  nice smell  a class act all the way
"and he left them and went out of the city into bethany and he lodged there" ?#(covering) yeah think about it
int moe's tavern)#hello work ? this is homer simpson i will not be coming in tomorrow  religious holiday the uh feast of (looking at sign) maximum occupancy
pretty slick#well you should join my religion moe it is great no hell no kneeling
neighbor i heard about your heresy and we have made it our mission to win you back to the flock#no sale
(singing) get those animals out on the arky arky #leave me alone
(determined) i see him son#(to sailor) where are we going ?
(displeased murmur) (to homer) i have a responsibility to raise these children right and unless you change i will have to tell them their father is well wicked#kids let me tell you about another socalled wicked guy he had long hair and some "wild" ideas and he did not always do what other people thought was right and that man's name was i forget but the point is uh i forget that too marge you know who i am talking about  he used to drive that blue car 
homer please do not make me choose between my man and my god because you just can not win#there you go again always taking someone else's side flanders the water department god
coming up next "make your own ladder"#very sure
int simpson house  living room  day)#(leering) ooh an interview with lorne michaels wait that is no good (flips page) hey now we are talkin' (reads) "our unabashed dictionary defines iud as 'love springs internal'" (chuckles then) i do not get it
hello i am collecting for the brotherhood of jewish clowns (somberly) last year tornadoes claimed the lives of seventyfive jewish clowns the worst incident was during our convention in lubbock texas there were floppy shoes and rainbow wigs everywhere it was terrible (krusty sobs)#wait a minute is this a religious thing ?
a religious clown thing yes#sorry
int kwikemart  day)#apu i see you are not in church
oh but i am i have a shrine to ganesha the god of worldly wisdom located in the employee lounge#(to elephant) hey ganesha want a peanut ?
please do not offer my god a peanut#(amused) no offense apu but when they were handing out religions you must have been out takin' a whiz
int simpson house  living room)#boy everyone is stupid except me
boy everyone is stupid except me#(eyes closed) marge turn down the heat (beat) that is better
(eyes closed) marge turn down the heat (beat) that is better#(screams) fire what do i do ? what do i do ? (coughs) (remembering) oh the song the song (sings) when a fire starts to burn / there is a lesson you must learn / something something then you will see/you will avoid catastrophe (annoyed grunt)
(sighs) okay#flanders you saved me why ?
help help#(sweetly) that is right old friend
oh homey are you all right ?#(weakly) my magazines and roach traps gone all gone
(dramatically) truly this was an act of god#hey wait a minute flanders is a regular charlie church and god did not save his house
hey wait a minute flanders is a regular charlie church and god did not save his house#(annoyed grunt)
any valuables in the house ?#(lying badly) well the picasso my collection of classic cars
sorry this policy only covers actual losses not madeup stuff#(bitterly) well that is just great
(chipper) coming up next which works better  springy clothes pins or the other kind ?#you know i have a feeling there is a lesson here
yes the lesson is#no do not tell me i will get it oh i know the lord is vengeful (falling to his knees) o spiteful one show me who to smite and they shall be smoten
ah that is super#(moved) i was rude to every one of you and you saved my life when you could have just left me to fry like the proverbial pancake that i am
now would you give church another try ?#i will be there next sunday front row center
that is game hendrix#god i gotta ask you somethin' what is the meaning of life ?
homer i can not tell you that#c'mon
you will find out when you die#i can not wait that long
you can not wait six months ?#no tell me now
i'd say 53 years old and 420 pounds#ha ha you lose 36 and 239
a ride on the famous duff beer blimp#(dreamily) a ride on the duff blimp
you see the circular pattern on those fields ? that is from centralpivot irrigation#wow
oops sorry#(chanting to himself) homer homer homer
(surprised gasp)#(whining) oh it is no fair we will never have a buffer
we have one at home you never use it#well i want that one
and the winner of the blimp ride is (reads ticket) homer simpson#(too big) oh my god
int simpson house  lisa's bedroom  night)#(to the tune of "georgie girl") hey there blimpy boy /flying through the sky so fancy free
(to the tune of "georgie girl") hey there blimpy boy /flying through the sky so fancy free#(softly) honey what is wrong ?
dad do you think i am ugly ?#what are you talking about ?
what are you talking about ?#heh heh heh oh lisa this is not real it is just how you might look if you were a cartoon character
i am an ugmo#now that is not true you are cute as a bug's ear
fathers have to say that stuff#dad am i cute as a bug's ear ?
no you are homely as a mule's butt#there see ?
int moe's tavern  night)#moe have you ever felt unattractive ?
mmmm no#how about you barney ?
not for a second (belch)#(sigh) i need help
that is so sweet#lisa's age seven to nine
what a feeling i am as happy as a smoker taking that first puff in the morning#that could be lisa
the little miss springfield pageant only 250 dollars to enter#(moans)
(moans)#hey barney will you give me 250 bucks for this blimp ticket ?
sure#(gasps) where'd you get all the money ?
(taken aback) no no i meant you were one of the goodlooking ducks that makes fun of the ugly one (uncomfortable murmur)#lisa if you could have one wish what would it be ?
to shut myself off from the world and never be seen by human eyes again#uh was your second wish to be entered in the little miss springfield pageant ?
what are you talking about ?#i sent in an application for you i could not find a big enough photo so i sent in that funny drawing of you on roller skates
(cross) homer lisa's already sensitive about her looks this is the last thing she needs#but i think she will win
dad have you seen the girls they have in those contests ? hubba hubba (wolf noise)#hey nobody's prettier than my little girl
(softening) you are looking at her through a father's eyes#well if i could gouge out somebody else's eyes and shove them into my sockets i would but to me she is beautiful
but that ride meant everything to him#(singing sadly) hey there blimpy boy flying through the sky so fancy free  (too choked up to go on)
int simpson house  living room  day)#(to bart) boy when lisa comes in i want you to make a big fuss over how she looks
my name is amber dempsey and when i grow up i want to be a sweetie pie (dimples)#no she will not when it comes to compliments women are ravenous bloodsucking monsters always wantin' more more more (sly) and if you give it to 'em you will get plenty back in return
like what ?#(knowing) i will tell you when you are older
(knowing) i will tell you when you are older#(chuckles)
(chuckles)#is that lisa ? ooh i gotta call heaven  there is an angel missing
i know two fellas who are gonna get a special dinner tonight#hey hey
whooo whooo dad do you know anything else about women ?#nope that is it
my name is lisa simpson and i want to be little miss springfield so i can make our town a better place#yeah clean up this stink hole
ooh that just kept goin' huh ? and now here's (checks card) lisa simpson#they will love you just as much as i do
thanks dad#(not bad) hmmm
but you are a role model to young people and we are thinking of retiring "menthol moose"#bless you boys
homer those are ice cream men#i know
int simpson living room  continuous)#(to lisa) if it wasn't for me you would still be queen you must hate me
dad do you remember why you entered me in that pageant ?#i do not know was i drunk ?
possibly but the point is you wanted me to feel better about myself and i do#really ?
uhhuh#will you remember this the next
will you remember this the next#time i wreck your life ?
hey homer  where is your present ?#(throws doll offended) oh yeah ? with what ?
(throws doll offended) oh yeah ? with what ?#(annoyed grunt) i mean do not worry son i forgot to get you a present but i swear on my father's grave
hey#i will get you one now
int house of evil  night)#do you sell toys ?
(ominous) we sell forbidden objects from places men fear to tread (cheerful) we also sell frozen yogurt (indicates yogurt machine) which i call frogurt#well i need something for my son's birthday
(offended) take this object but beware it carries a terrible curse#(examining doll) ooh that is bad
but it comes with a free frogurt#that is good
the frogurt is also cursed#that is bad
but you get your choice of topping#that is good
that is bad#can i go now ?
int simpson house  living room  night)#(handing bart the gift) happy birthday son
and in environmental news scientist have announced that springfield's air is now only dangerous to children and the elderly#woo hoo
i am krusty the clown and i do not like you#(chuckles)
i am krusty the clown and i am going to kill you#(chuckles) did not even pull the string that time
i said i am going to kill you you homer simpson#(screams)
homer what is wrong ?#(near tears) that doll tried to kill me
i'd say that the pressure's finally gotten to dad but what pressure ?#(scared) do not leave me alone with him
(scared) do not leave me alone with him#(singing) my baloney has a first name / is homer / my baloney has a second name / it is homer
(singing) my baloney has a first name / is homer / my baloney has a second name / it is homer#(screams)
ext field  day)#goodbye dolly
int simpson garage  day)#and that is that
guess who fat boy ?#marge marge look
oh my god#the doll's trying to kill me and the toaster's been laughing at me
the doll's trying to kill me and the toaster's been laughing at me#(sputtering) ew dog water
i love you homer#(warmly) come here you
here ya' go buddy#did you walk the dog ?
yeah he buried me a couple a times#yeah dogs like to bury old junk
int simpson house  living room)# so then his wife comes through the door
so ?#did i mention she was dead ?
no#well she was (scary) and she hit him in the head with a golf club
and ?#do not you remember ? he went golfing all the time and it really bugged her
you said he went bowling#(annoyed grunt)
int jungle  continuous)#(muttered noises and curses)
(muttered noises and curses)#(annoyed grunt)
smithers this is a golden opportunity if we get him alive we can put him on broadway dead we will sell monkey stew to the army#(chuckles) ooo
you keep your hands to yourself mister#(bob hope purr)
(singing) i was strolling through the gas one day#(contented sleeping noise)
oh hi homie#(moans)
you know you look a little flushed maybe you should eat more vegetables and less people#(grunts "uhhuh")
no but his career is i remember when al jolson ran amok at the winter garden and climbed the chrysler building after that he could not get arrested in this town#(moans)
(breathlessly) dad we did something very bad#did you wreck the car ?
no#did you raise the dead ?
yes#but the car is okay ?
uh huh#all right then
homer did you barricade the door ?#why ? oh the zombies no
(scream)#(heroically) spare my family take me take me
it is our only hope#to the book depository
dad you killed the zombie flanders#he was a zombie ?
the zombies have the earthlings on the run#i am acomin' boy
ow careful not the face#barney not you too
i am not a zombie but hey when in rome (points) wow george washington#take that washington
take that washington#eat lead einstein
eat lead einstein#show is over shakespeare
shh (points) tv#man fall down (beat) funny
what are we going to have ?#well that depends on what your teachers say if you have been good pizza if you have been bad uh (thinks) let's see poison
poison pizza#oh no i am not making two stops
ext highway)#all right i will talk to lisa's teacher this year you can have bart's
that is the way we do it every year#all right tell you what i am thinking of a number between one and 50
is it 37 ?#(annoyed grunt) (lying) i mean no
homer#please marge please please please please please ?
oh all right#woo hoo usa usa usa
(to no one in particular) ach#(to self) hee hee
mr simpson i just wanted to tell you that you have done a wonderful job with lisa you must have read to her at a young age#i did i did read to her
i am starving somebody bring me some food quick#(reading) eight o'clock happy days the fonz henry winkler is worried he is losing his cool
(reading) eight o'clock happy days the fonz henry winkler is worried he is losing his cool#well i have always been a firm believer in the three "r's" "reading tv guide" (thinks) ummmm writing to tv guide and renewing tv guide
int springfield elementary school  lisa's class  night)#(reading the bumper sticker aloud) "my child is on the honor roll at springfield elementary" you know i never thought i'd find a replacement for my "where is the beef" bumper sticker heh heh heh "where is the beef"
uh we'd like the desk back mr simpson#huh ? (looks down laughs) oh
(sternly) just do it#busted
homer we have a problem here#are you kidding ? lisa turned out perfect (growing angry) i will not stand here and listen to you badmouthing lisa
we are talking about bart#oh that guy
well we try but he has this way of making us think we have punished him when actually we have completely caved in#(cheerful) he is the boy you love to hate
yeah right like you are gonna let me go hungry i will be eatin' that pizza in five minutes#(impressed) chief justice of the supreme court what great men he would join john marshall charles evans hughes warren burger mmm burger
(angry indecipherable accusations)#if you do not start making more sense we are gonna have to put you in a home
you already put me in a home#(bad mood) then we will put you in the crooked home we saw on "60 minutes"
look what your bad egg of a son did to my teeth#dad you and your stories "bart broke my teeth" "the nurses are stealing my money" "this thing on my neck is getting bigger"
(to homer) now this is exactly what bart's teacher was talking about our son did something wrong and you look the other way#but marge look at that hangdog expression he is learned his lesson let's get him a present
(exasperated sigh) please homer why do i always have to be the bad guy ?#all right all right (to bart) young man since you broke grampa's teeth  he gets to break yours
gee maybe they mean it this time from now on i guess i'd better straighten up and fly#bart do not tell your mother but i brought you some pizza
bart do not tell your mother but i brought you some pizza#just promise me you will try to be good
i promise#(chipper) thataboy
wow#bart did you take out the garbage like i asked ?
indeed i did#(annoyed grunt) hey you goats get outta here
(annoyed grunt) hey you goats get outta here#boy you are going to have to be punished for this
dad you could punish me but that means you would have to think of a punishment sit here and make sure i do it#(moans)
(moans) ayy el estomago#run along ya little scamp
jingle bells jingle bells#bart why are you doing that ?
i'unno#well this time you must be punished
(sly) well you could punish me but#no tricks boy i said i am gonna punish you and come hell or high water i wait a minute
no tricks boy i said i am gonna punish you and come hell or high water i wait a minute#(gasps) ice cream truck
(gasps) ice cream truck#me me i was here first
me me i was here first#now what were we talking about boy ?
(lying) uh we were talking about the time you beat jury duty#(wistfully) oh yeah the trick is to say you are prejudiced against all races
(to homer) why are you letting him do this ?#i'unno
well punish him#all right all right (casually) bart go to your room
carpet) how could you let this happen ?#how could you let this happen ?
i wasn't here#(skeptical) oh how convenient
homer do you want your son to become chief justice of the supreme court or a sleazy male stripper ?#can not he be both like the late earl warren ?
earl warren wasn't a stripper#now who is being naive
look you have to help discipline your son#all right marge i swear to you the next time he does something wrong i will punish him and make it stick
it was also the year of the very first scratchy cartoon entitled "that happy cat"#sorry but the punishment stands
we will be back with a real life itchy & scratchy a rabid mouse in boston who attacked and killed a small cat (chuckles)#bart did not i ask you to watch maggie ?
int simpson house  living room)#all right boy this calls for the biggest punishment i have ever handed down and this time it is gonna stick
(worried) come on homer this is not funny#damn right bart you can not go to see that itchy & scratchy movie ever
come on go nuts#do not point that thing at me i said you are not going to the movie and i am sticking to it
dad i agree that bart should be punished but the itchy and scratchy movie is the defining event of our generation how would you have liked it if someone told you that you could not watch the moon landing ?#hmm
that is one small step for man one giant leap for mankind#(singing) yummy yummy yummy/ i have got love in my tummy/ and i feel like lovin' you
(singing) yummy yummy yummy/ i have got love in my tummy/ and i feel like lovin' you#(still singing)  love you such a sweet thing/ good enough to eat thing
(falling) i regret nothing#someday you will thank me for this son
not bloody likely#no it is true you know when i was a boy i really wanted a catcher's mitt but my dad would not get it for me so i held my breath until i passed out and banged my head on the coffee table (chipper) the doctor thought i might have brain damage
dad what is the point of this story ?#(childlike) i like stories
look can i please go to the movie ?#i know my punishment might seem a little harsh but i can not go back on it (consoling) you are welcome to watch anything you want on tv
tv sucks#(barely containing his anger) i know you are upset right now so i will pretend you did not say that
homer we'd like to talk to you#but then i will not be watching tv you can see the bind i am in
dad you have got to let bart see that movie i have never seen him like this he has the demented melancholia of a tennessee williams heroine#do not you think i know that ?
well it is been two months you laid down the law and i am proud of you but i think we have gotten through to him#ah sweet softhearted marge you just can not see the big picture if i stick to my guns the boy could wind up chief justice of the supreme court if i fail the best he could do is judge at a "mister tight buns" competition i can not let that happen i will not let that happen and i can not let that happen
well dad i guess you won#no son we both won you do not know it now but i have started you on the road to somewhere very special
come on what d'ya say ?#all right i think you have learned your lesson
one senior citizen and one chief justice of the supreme court#(feebly) i will get it son
that'll be six hundred and fifty dollars#(feeble annoyed grunt)
one soylent green hold the butter#mmm soylent green
mmm soylent green#which one's the mouse ?
itchy#itchy's a jerk
(reading mail) resident occupant hmm free sample of "lemon time"#oooh give it here
homer that is dish washing liquid#yeah but what're ya gonna do ?
oooh they are having a retirement party for someone at the plant#i wish i could retire
i wish i could retire#(in the present) boy that'd be sweet
howdydo neighbor good pipe weather thought i'd fire up the briar#can not talk  busy
did you notice how slanted he looked ?#all part of god's great plan
haw haw#(reading) "the halfassed approach to foundation repair"
hello i am troy mcclure you might remember me from such instructional videos as "mothballing your battleship" and "dig your own grave  and save" now over the next six hours i will be taking you through the do's and do not do's of foundation repair ready ?#ready
first patch the cracks in the slab using a latex patching compound and a patching trowel#hand me my patching trowel boy
hand me my patching trowel boy#hmm
now do you have extruded polyvinyl foam insulation ?#no
good assemble the aluminum jchannel using selffurring screws install#whado i do
(fast) after applying brushable coating to the panels#wait a minute
you will need some corrosionresistant metal stucco lath#(more urgent) wait a minute
if you can not find metal stucco lath#(hopeful) uh huh ?
use carbonfiber stucco lath#(moan)
now parge the lath#did you see the bubble ?
i am afraid the whole west side of your house is sinking i figure it is gonna cost you oh eightyfive hundred#(shocked) forget it you are not the only foundation guy in town
(shocked) forget it you are not the only foundation guy in town#let's see foundation repair ah here we are (annoyed grunt)
behold the horrors of the slanty shanty see the twisted creatures that dwell within meet "cue ball" the man with no hair#huh ?
we have to do something#marge it will cost eightyfive hundred dollars we only have five hundred in the bank that leaves eighty hundred we need
i could get a job#hey then i could follow my dream living in the woods and keeping a journal of my thoughts
hey then i could follow my dream living in the woods and keeping a journal of my thoughts#march 15 i wish i'd brought a tv oh god how i miss tv
hmm i think you have to keep your job too#(moans)
(clears throat) tonight we have all come to honor a close friend of ours#boring
(frowning) a man who provided the burns corporation with fortyfive years of faithful service mr jack marley#boring
maybe i should apply for that job#forget it marge we already live together we should not work together as the bible says "thou shalt not horn in on thy husband's racket"
where does the bible say "racket ?"#it is in there look marge we just do not need the money that bad
curator of large mammals ?#marge have you seen my lunch box ?
int simpson house  dining room  night)#marge you are making a big mistake i am going to see you all day at work and all night at home
marge you are making a big mistake i am going to see you all day at work and all night at home#(covering) and that is good but here's the bad part uh uh (changing subject) ooh look at that headline "canada to hold referendum" sorry marge can not talk now
we need the money and my life is pretty boring last week some jehovah's witnesses came to the door and i would not let them leave they snuck away when i went in the kitchen to get more lemonade#(not listening) yeah lemonade is good
i think it is wonderful mom and dad side by side at the power plant you will be just like marie and pierre curie#(mouth full) wha dey do ?
int homer's car  day)#now marge just remember if something goes wrong at the plant blame the guy who can not speak english (fondly) ah tibor how many times have you saved my butt (chuckles)
int nuclear power plant  day)#marge what're you doing ? it is lunch time
i will just be a minute i have to finish this paperwork#marge marge marge let's file this under "r" for arrivederci
but where does it go ?#do not worry baby that tube'll know what to do
that woman  she is so captivating smithers my heart's pounding like a jackhammer#marge get my gun
it is working it is working and the healthy snacks are on their way#you can not take our donuts
springtime fresh winter white what could be better ?#oh man i really gotta
homie what is wrong ?#i am used to seeing people promoted ahead of me friends coworkers tibor i never thought it'd be my own wife
(hurt) well maybe you would get promoted if you worked a little harder#are you kidding ? i work like a japanese beaver
oh really ? i came to see you three times today twice you were sleeping and once you were kicking that ball of electrical tape around#(offended) well i will not sleep in the same bed with a woman who thinks i am lazy i am gonna go right down stairs unfold the couch unroll a sleeping bag (reconsidering) eh goodnight
you know the problem here was water leakage if you just buy a fifty cent washer #(jabbing him with finger) i have got a better idea  get the hell out
(screams)#he left his briefcase (opening it) hey it is full of shredded newspapers
(to burns) well i guess that is it people like us can not afford justice (to homer) come on homie let's go before he fires you too#no mr burns i am not leaving until you say you are sorry for what you did to my wife
(touched) you love her too#damn right
homer i want you to show this woman the time of her life#gotcha marge we are gettin' some drivethru then we are doin' it twice
huh huh but i am going to have to go with shasta 'cause she liked makin' bacon on the beach#ooh me too
ooh me too#ahhh bacon
mr simpson my husband and i have decided to move#gonna run out the clock in florida eh ?
yes well there is a few things you could do to help us sell our home first whenever you walk in front of your window could you please wear pants ?#mmm no
second could you please take in your jackolanterns from past halloweens#mmm no
and please cover your garbage it is attracting wildlife#wha hey moose shoo go talkin' to you get off my lawn now
wha hey moose shoo go talkin' to you get off my lawn now#(scared noise)
ext simpson house  lawn  day)#hello what is this ? wire hangers expired medicine old newspapers (breathes fast then collects himself) okay homer stay calm just quietly get this stuff inside your house
hello what is this ? wire hangers expired medicine old newspapers (breathes fast then collects himself) okay homer stay calm just quietly get this stuff inside your house#(stern) homer you are not listening
that medicine's not for you#(scoffing) come on marge maybe i am not getting enough (looks at bottle) estrogen
ahoy maties had your fill of tacos ? would ye sooner eat a bilge rat than another burger ? then come for allyoucaneat seafood at the "fryin' dutchman"#(gurgles of pleasure)
(hearty laugh) (to camera) set sail for "the fryin' dutchman"#aye aye captain marge we are going to that restaurant
but i think i am allergic to seafood the last time i ate shrimp my throat closed up and i went into convulsions#mmmm shrimp
ext winfield and simpson houses  continuous)#(to object in the pool) there you are thought you could get away huh ?
i guess i should explain laura's father and i divorced two years ago oh they are so sweet when you marry them but soon it is just career career career#my hammock do you understand ? mine do not look that way
hurts do not it ? (chuckles)#(bitterly) all you can eat ha
daad#shut up you little monsters (on phone sweet) hello i was wondering if you would like to babysit my little angels
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#(moans) no "all you can eat seafood" i wore my extraloose pants for nothing nothing
i will send laura over to babysit as soon as she gets home#great oh uh and there was something else (thinking) something i was supposed to tiptoe around
my divorce#that is it whew i am glad one of us remembered that could have been embarrassing
well i know what you are thinking and the answer is yes i want to be fixed up with one of your friends as soon as you can arrange it after all homer i do have the normal appetites#heh heh i know what you mean just let me make sure we are not talking about food
i am not#right me neither (beat) we are talkin' about sex right ?
right#(sly) i hear you loud and clear (bob hope growl)
excellent choice and for the gentleman ?#all you can eat all you can eat
ext "the frying dutchman" restaurant  late at night)#(eating noises)
six bells time for closin'#can not talk eating
fairly warned be thee says i (snaps fingers)#hey hey hey
hey hey hey#(whiny) but the sign said "all you can eat"
int simpson house  bedroom  night)#i am gonna fight this thing
oh please do not for me ?#sorry marge this is my quest i am like that guy  that spanish guy  you know he fought the windmills
don quixote ?#no that is not it what is his name ? the man of la mancha
don quixote#no
i really think that was the character's name don quixote#fine i will look it up
well who was it ?#never mind
it is not working#all right hit the change of venue button now
mr simpson this is the most blatant case of fraudulent advertising since my suit against the film "the neverending story"#so you think i have a case ?
homer i do not use the word "hero" very often but you are the greatest hero in american history#woo hoo
dad i have some questions about women#uhh can not you see i am reading the uh
uhh can not you see i am reading the uh#(thoughtfully) _______ calendar ? hmm ooh mostly mozart is in town
homer bart's at a very curious age as his father i think you should have a frank and earthy discussion abouthmmm you know#but marge i think he should learn about it the same way i did
are you sure ?#maybe you are right now if you will excuse us this is a sacred moment between a boy and his father
dad if there is a really special girl and she likes some clod who is beneath her what should you do ?#son a woman is a lot like uh (looks around) a refrigerator they are about six feet tall 300 pounds they make ice and  (thinks) oh wait a minute actually a woman is more like a beer they smell good  they look good  you would step over your own mother just to get one (gulps down beer) but you can not stop at one you want to drink another woman
son a woman is a lot like uh (looks around) a refrigerator they are about six feet tall 300 pounds they make ice and  (thinks) oh wait a minute actually a woman is more like a beer they smell good  they look good  you would step over your own mother just to get one (gulps down beer) but you can not stop at one you want to drink another woman#(tipsy) so i says "yeah if you want that money come and find it 'cause i do not know where it is you baloney" you make me wanna retch (falls asleep)
int simpson house  dining room  morning)#i married her (chuckles)
good luck in your trumpedup law suit dad#(touched) thanks that means a lot to me
it was a moonless night dark as pitch when out of the mist came a beast more stomach than man#(offended) hey
uh there is a pizza here for#right here
int restaurant)#come on marge let the people see your pretty face
ivana tinkle just a sec ivana tinkle ivana tinkle all right everybody put down your glasses ivana tinkle#(laughs)
int bar  evening)#how someone someone abuse their body that way ?
how someone someone abuse their body that way ?#(gasps) moe do not throw out that brine
hi homie it is really starting to snow i think you should come home#but marge alan thicke is throwing knives at ricardo montalban
(laughs feebly then) you are dead weight marty#(screams) ohh
(screams) ohh#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(chuckles) well i got him as good as he got me
(chuckles) well i got him as good as he got me#(annoyed grunt)
this is a business of some kind ?#(confident) it is a pornography store i was buying pornography
(pepperidge farm voice) 'fraid old zeke he rides up here with me can not trust a pig with watermelons ya know#(unintelligible watermelon eating noise)
(eastern european accent) she will go 300 hectares on a single tank of kerosene#what country is this car from ?
ext convention center  establishing)#kids if we buy a new car we get our parking validated for free
int car show  continuous)#(sly) do you come with the car ?
(getting shot grenade noises)#bart that car belonged to bonnie and clyde show a little respect
(suddenly stern) this exhibit is closed#(gasp) the batmobile
(gasp) the batmobile#(gasps) adam west hey kids batman
michelle pfeiffer ha the only true "catwoman" is julie newmar lee merriwether or eartha kitt and i did not need molded plastic to improve my physique (taps chest) pure west and how come batman does not dance anymore ? remember the batusi ?#(scared laugh) nice meetin' ya (low to kids) just keep moving do not make eye contact
(scared laugh) nice meetin' ya (low to kids) just keep moving do not make eye contact#wow just think what i could do with that plow
homer i have got to sneak these viable artworks out of the white house but i can not get out of my driveway because of those protesters#mr president those young people are about to get a dose of reality
mr president those young people are about to get a dose of reality#(chuckles)
(chuckles)#eh i can not afford it
pally this does not cost money it makes money you make the payments by plowing driveways on the side#well i really should discuss this with my wife
your wife ?#what ? you think i am going to buy a twenty thousand dollar truck just because you make that noise ?
(three being whipped noises)#i will take it
i can not believe you bought that plow we can not afford it#if you are gonna get mad at me every time i do something stupid then i guess i will just have to stop doing stupid things
good#fine i will never ever do another stupid thing good night
oh homie did not that hurt ?#(small voice obviously in pain) no
ext parking lot  day)#marge did not reckon with these fliers and this flashy jacket
and now to read from the epistles of st paul homer simpson#(clears throat) dear lord in your infinite wisdom you know the number to call when you need a plow is klondike 53226
homer this is really low#not as low as my low low prices
not as low as my low low prices#uh huh that is mr plow
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#(moans) i am gonna lose my plow
"hornpipe fever" arrgh#hmmm
hmmm#almost time for our commercial
dad who is watching tv at 317 am ?#alcoholics the unemployable angry loners
(gasp) look there we are#(proud) it may be on a lousy channel but the simpsons are on tv
that is right i fill your driveways with ice and snow what are you gonna do about it ? nuthin' that is what (maniacal laugh)#stop
mr plow#get out of here you lousy season
all right i am goin' (pulls off wig) (sad) my head hurts i have to lie down for a while#hello i am mr plow are you tired of having your hands cut off by snow blowers and the inevitable heart attacks that come with shoveling snow ?
uhhuh#then call klondike 53226 call now and receive a free tshirt
then call klondike 53226 call now and receive a free tshirt#he could still surprise ya
but i am a real tightwad can i afford this remarkable system ?#absolutely my prices are so low you will think i have suffered brain damage
you are fully bonded and licensed by the city are not you mr plow ?#(clenched teeth) shut up boy
(clenched teeth) shut up boy#so remember
so remember#(singing) call mister plow that is my name that name again is mister plow
(singing) call mister plow that is my name that name again is mister plow#(cooly) well john q driveway has our number now we play the waiting game
(cooly) well john q driveway has our number now we play the waiting game#the waiting game sucks let's play "hungry hungry hippos"
i wish i was a hero#well wishing will not make it so you have got to pull up your diaper get out there and be the best damn barney you can be
here i come world#how do you think he will do moe ?
this might sound silly but just for a change would you mind (pauses)#cutting my nails ? brushing my teeth ?
no no could you wear the mr plow jacket just uh for fun#oooh heh heh heh
oooh heh heh heh#(singing) call mr plow / that is my name / that name again is mr plow (turns off lights growl)
(singing) call mr plow / that is my name / that name again is mr plow (turns off lights growl)#(looking out window) ah white gold
(looking out window) ah white gold#(gasps) what the what happ uh oh no
hi ya homer say hello to the plow king#barney you stole my idea
(belches)#how could you barney ? after all i have done for you
thank you plow kingaleeding#flanders i thought i was your plow man
(feeling guilty) ah homer why do not you plow it again ?#forget it pal i do not need your phoney baloney job i will take your money but i am not gonna plow your driveway
ext condominium complex  day)#mr west you said there was a job for me
int simpson house  living room  night)#ring damn you ring (moans)
ring damn you ring (moans)#(like jingle) mister plow that name again is mr plow
hello i am calling from delinquent accounts at kumatsu motors #oh you want the mister plow who plows driveways this is tony plow you know from "leave it to beaver" ? (listens) yeah they were gay
oh you want the mister plow who plows driveways this is tony plow you know from "leave it to beaver" ? (listens) yeah they were gay#oh what am i gonna do ?
i think you should do a new ad one that is fresh and original#i know i will do a rap (beat box noise) i am mr plow and i am here to say i am the plowingest guy in the usa / i got a big plow and i move a lot of things / like your cow it you have one
promise you will never do that again#all right
dad was that your commercial ?#(moans) i do not know
these look like teeth marks#i thought there was chocolate inside
i thought there was chocolate inside#well why was it wrapped in foil ?
(chuckles) that is great arnie#hmm
hmm#hello plow king ? i was wondering if you could plow my driveway on top of forbidding widow's peak
(on phone) i do not know i'd be up there all day i would not be able to plow any other driveways#(phony voice) there is a $10000 bill in it for you
oh yeah ? which president's on it ?#(phony voice) uh all of them they are having a party jimmy carter's passed out on the couch
(tentative) well i guess you can plow my driveway but i wonder what happened to the plow king#well i guess he just does not respect his customers
oh could you make sure not to scrape my asphalt ?#kiss my asphalt
int simpson house  living room  late afternoon)#(chuckles) so i says "kiss my asphalt" hmm ? hmm ?
int simpson house  living room)#this is all my fault (heroic) i have gotta save him
homie please do not go#hey (pats truck door) this old girl's as surefooted as a mountain goat
(etc)#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(scared) easy easy
ah dying's not so bad i will be reunited with my loved ones my dad and that plant i never watered#barney
homer you saved my life and i am not gonna forget it from now on we will be partners#barney that is great when two best friends work together not even god himself can stop them
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#y'ello
hello this is the repo depot i am just calling to distract you while we repossess your plow#oh yeah ? how dumb do you think i 
oh yeah ? how dumb do you think i #(moans)
ohh now homie you have your health you have your best friend back and you do have that certain special something#you mean
you mean#(sexy) mr plow that is my name that name again is mr plow our forecast calls for flurries of passion followed by extended periods of gettin' it on
he does not#maggie can you say "daddy" ? daddy ?
(burp)#did you hear that ? she said "burlap"
well do not push her remember "tis better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open your mouth and remove all doubt"#takes one to know one
tell it mom tell it mom#yeah tell it mom
i missa da klinger already#(singing) when the working day is done / girls just wanna have fuun / that is all we really wannnnt
homer#(chuckling) homer is what grown ups call me call me daddy
homer#daddy
homer#(frowning) daddy
da da da#yeesss
domer (laughs)#why you little
why you little#(dismissive) he will tire himself out soon
hi yo#heh heh got your nose
got your wallet#nooo (stern) bart do not you ever do that again understand ?
(sweetly) guess what homie there is going to be twice as much love in this house as there is now#we are gonna start doin' it in the morning ?
(firmly) no#oh
(happily) we are going to have another baby#(sweetly) marge that is
i am afraid we are going to need a bigger place#no we will not i have got it all figured out the baby can have bart's crib and bart can sleep with us until he is 21
will not that warp him ?#my cousin frank did it
you do not have a cousin frank#he became francine back in '76 then he joined that cult i think his name is mother shabubu now
once you get used to the smell of melted hog fat you will wonder how you ever did without it#mmmm hog fat
int yet another house  day)#once we get these cats out of the way it will not be too bad
just imagine what we can do with this place#wow (to realtor) how much ? how much ?
(hands homer a card) well here's what they are asking#(moans) i can not afford that
int grampa's house  1983  night)#dad i have a problem
why'd you come to me i do not know nothing i used to get by on my looks now they are gone  withered away like an old piece of fruit (sobs)#are you done ?
no not yet (sadly) i was voted the handsomest boy in albany new york (sniffles then sob)#dad i do not need advice i need $15000 to buy a home
oh well all i own is this house (dramatically) that i built with my own two hands#you did not build this house you won
you did not build this house you won#it on a crooked '50's game show
(sweetly) all right son i will sell this dump and write you a check#dad first you gave me life now you have given me a home for my family i'd be honored if you came to live with us
so how long before you shipped grampa off to the old folks home ?#about three weeks
(points) mommy#(sing song) maggie i will give you this cookie if you talk
(sing song) maggie i will give you this cookie if you talk#what ? what ?
what ? what ?#(annoyed grunt) (to maggie) all right you win round seven
(impatient) when are we going to get to my first word ?#your whatwhat ?
my first word#eh you do not want to hear that story i know i will tell you about the time i got locked in the bank vault with mr mooney it was another one of my hairbrained schemes
daaad#wait a minute that was a "lucy" show okay where were we ?
(chipper) mom was pregnant and dad just threw our money down the sink hole#ah yes i remember the day we moved in
hey homer this house sucks#bart i told you not to use that word call me "daddy"
buenos dias neighboritos the handle's flanders but my friends call me ned#(unexcited) hi flanders
if you need anything just give a whistle#i could use a tv tray
(taken aback) well gee i#whaat ?
i just this minute bought it at the hardware st#you said anything
sure you can borrow it for a little while#and that "little while" is now eight years and counting heh heh heh
bart get out#not easy to juggle a pregnant wife and a troubled child but somehow i managed to fit in eight hours of tv a day
krusty funny#(disdainful) duh
crib crib i am a baby#all right i know how to handle this just use a little reverse psychology (directed at bart) let's go marge leave the baby with his little crib
all right i know how to handle this just use a little reverse psychology (directed at bart) let's go marge leave the baby with his little crib#ah homer j simpson you are a genius
ah homer j simpson you are a genius#i know you like clowns so i made you this bed now you can laugh yourself to sleep
 the americans are heavy favorites#patience my pet
homie i think the baby's coming#wow a baby and a free burger could this be the best day of my life ?
coming up next an hourlong episode of mama's family#yes
we will take good care of your boy simpson enjoy the miracle of creation#shut up flanders
(points to tv guide) can you say "david hasselhoff" ?#little lisa i have already started you a college fund at lincoln savings and loan
according to this magazine bart might be jealous of her#(snorts) yeah well bart can kiss my hairy yellow butt
int simpson house  upstairs hallway  day)#(gently) bart there is someone in here who wants to meet you
"where is the beef ?" what the hell's that supposed to mean ?#(laughs) "where is the beef ?" no wonder he won minnesota
you people are pigs (sobs) i personally am gonna spit in every 50th burger#i like those odds
(chuckling) ouch but first let's go to the boxing venue#please please please please please
(blurring words) davah hassahoff#can you say "daddy" ?
int krustyburger  day)#usa usa usa
i am sorry bart you are too little#here bart you can hold my beer
homer#what ?
what ?#(softly) goodnight honey
and since we are returning your second born do you think you could see your way to returning my tv tr#(mad) boy you get over to the corner and you  yeah
wow (points to marge) lisa can you say "mommy" ?#no sweetie (points to self) "daddy"
(long pause) homer#(annoyed grunt)
did too#y'know maggie the sooner kids talk the sooner they talk back
y'know maggie the sooner kids talk the sooner they talk back#i hope you never say a word
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#i can not wait till they throw his hatless butt in jail
it is not good for your heart#my heart is just fine (pained noise)
homie what is it ?#just workin' the turkey through (pounds chest then happy) there it goes
(screams) daaad#(pleasantly) you know that feeling you get when a thousand knives of fire are stabbing you in the heart ? i have got that right now (then) ooh bacon
homer i prepared a special surprise just for you#it could only be one thing
here you go#what the hell is this ?
nice healthy oatmeal#ooh oatmeal what a delightful treat (takes the bowl then lying) ugh there is a bug in it
no there is not#trust me
dad there is a bug on that#eh
int homer's car  later)#come on come on
ext gas station  day)#i keep hearing this horrible irregular thumping noise
(wise guy voice) it is your heart and i think it is on its last thump#whew i was afraid it was my transmission
now do not worry homer you are the kind of guy i could really dig a grave for your indolence is inefficacious#huh ?
oh good cancel the ham#(annoyed grunt)
clear#more
more#thank you
oh homie i was so frightened#marge my whole life flashed before my eyes
int cathedral  night)#(boy soprano voice) fall on your knees / oh hear the angels' voices /
what a voice young homer is going to make me a millionaire#oh niight di (voice cracks) vine (homer's adult voice) hey my voice just changed (sings badly like homer)
oh niight di (voice cracks) vine (homer's adult voice) hey my voice just changed (sings badly like homer)#oh night when christ was born
mr simpson i am afraid you have just had a mild heart attack#but i am out of the woods now right ? i mean whatever does not kill me can only make me stronger
oh no quite the opposite it is made you weak as a kitten (chuckles) look#(weakly) hey c'mon quit it
coochy coochy coo (etc)#(weak) stop please stop
oh you swing like a girl come on now#please have mercy
got your nose (chuckles)#not funny
how 'bout this little bee ? (buzzing sound)#no remember your hippopotamus oath
well we can not fix his heart but we can tell you exactly how damaged it is#(impressed) what an age we live in
(quietly) good lord#(cheerful) hi
now homer this is a new body fat analysis test i start you jiggling and measure how long it takes to stop#woo hoo look at that blubber fly
homer i am afraid you will have to undergo a coronary bypass operation#say it in english doc
you are going to need open heart surgery#spare me your medical mumbo jumbo
we are going to cut you open and tinker with your ticker#could you dumb it down a shade ?
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#okay okay we need fortythousand dollars now how much do we have in the checkbook ?
seventy dollars#hmm have we deposited any fortythousand dollar checks that have not cleared yet ?
no do not you have health insurance at work ?#well actually we gave it all up for a pinball machine in the lounge
(annoyed grunt)#do not worry marge america's healthcare system is second only to japan canada sweden great britain well all of europe but you can thank your lucky stars we do not live in paraguay
now before we give you health insurance i have to ask you a few questions#(upset) questions ? questions ? oh gee my whole scheme down the (smoothly) i mean ask away
oh good (looks at form) now under "heart attacks" you crossed out "3" and wrote "0"#oh i thought that said "brain hemorrhages"
uh huh and uh do you drink ?#i do enjoy a snifter of port at christmas
all right here's your policy#(smug) now let me tell you something mr sucker i just
oh hold on there you still have to sign it#oh i
oh i#(with difficulty) must sign policy
sir i am sorry we can not insure you#i made an "h"
no that does not count#looks like an "x"
we'd better get you to a hospital#can i have a free calendar ?
okay#(dreamily) oh doctor i was in a wonderful place filled with fire and brimstone and there were all these guys in red pajamas sticking pitchforks in my butt
mr simpson you must get that operation as soon as possible#i can not afford it (re defibrillator) maybe i should buy one of those machines
defibrillator) maybe i should buy one of those machines#oh yeah that is the stuff
int springfield church  day)#now i know i have not been the best christian in fact when you are up there "blah blah blahing" i am usually doodling or mentally undressing the female parishioners well anyhoo can i have fortythousand dollars ?
int springfield temple  day)#now i know i have not been the best jew but i rented "fiddler on the roof" and i will watch it anyway can i have fortythousand dollars ?
int buddhist temple)#now i know i have not been the best aw forget it
honey did you have any luck ?#no but the rabbi gave me this
what is it dad ?#(instructive) son they call it a "droodle" (spins it) whoo hoo look at him go
hi everybody are you looking for a way to slash the cost of your medical expenses ?#boring
okay friend you tried the best now try the rest call 1600doctorb the "b" is for bargain#well marge we could do worse
how ?#uh some dog could do the operation
operation ? what are you talking about ?#kids i have something to tell you
we feel neither highs nor lows#really ? what is it like ?
eh#well you kids are old enough to know the truth and i am not gonna sugarcoat it
well you kids are old enough to know the truth and i am not gonna sugarcoat it#so the tiny aorta fairies will take mr leg vein on a long trip to get married to princess left ventricle
(upset) dad are you trying to tell us you are getting a coronaryartery bypass graft ?#uh yeah
(upset) oh no what if they botch it ? i will not have a dad for a while#kids kids i am not gonna die that only happens to bad people
what about abraham lincoln ?#uh he sold poison milk to school children
homer#hey i am just trying to make it easier on 'em
int hospital  homer's room)#bed goes up bed goes down bed goes up bed goes down bed goes up bed goes down bed goes up bed goes down
homer simpson well if that do not put the "dink" in coinkydink#flanders ? what are you doin' here ?
i am having a kidney and a lung removed#who are you donating them to ?
first come first served what are you in for ?#i got a bad heart
if i could give you my heart homer i would#shut up flanders
ah you know homer that beer ain't free#dear lord i am really scared about this operation tomorrow if something happens please look after marge and make sure my kids grow up right
shhh#sorry
in heaven you get to do whatever you like best all the time#cloud goes up cloud goes down cloud goes up cloud goes down
int hospital  homer's room)#bed goes up bed goes down
hey what is the matter ? (chipper) oh that is right my grotesque appearance (laughs)#krusty why are you here ?
oh it is part of my public service for my glug glug vroom vroom thump thump#oh well i could use a good laugh
well there is nothing funny about what you are about to go through i know i am in the zipper club myself#you seem okay
we passed this card around at work#gee thanks guys
when i first heard about the operation i was against it but then i thought if homer wants to be a woman so be it#barney i am not getting a sex change
uh homer i snuck you in a beer for old time's sake#(touched) thanks moe
int hospital  homer's room)#(warmly) oh my little maggie i may never hold you again ew stinky pants
(warmly) oh my little maggie i may never hold you again ew stinky pants#now marge if the unthinkable should happen you are gonna be lonely
oh homie i could never remarry#darn right and to make sure i want to be stuffed and put on the couch as a constant reminder of our marital vows
ohhh kids you can come in now#bed goes up kids i want to give you some words to remember me by in case something happens let's see uh oh i am no good at this
bed goes up kids i want to give you some words to remember me by in case something happens let's see uh oh i am no good at this#bart the saddest thing about this is i will not get to see you grow up because
bart the saddest thing about this is i will not get to see you grow up because#i know you are gonna turn out great with or without your old man
(touched) thanks dad#and lisa
and lisa#(to lisa) i guess this is the time to tell you
(to lisa) i guess this is the time to tell you#you are adopted and i do not like you
you are adopted and i do not like you#bart
bart#but do not worry because you have got a big brother who loves you and will always look out for you
int nuclear power plant  afternoon)#yabba dabba doo
yabba dabba doo#(singing) simpson homer simpson / he is the greatest guy in history / from the town of springfield / he is about to hit a chestnut tree (shrieks)
int simpson house  kitchen  morning)#(chuckles) oh andy capp you wifebeating drunk (chuckles)
well i think we should spend the money on something the whole town can be proud of#like a giant billboard that says "no fat chicks" ?
ordah please rise for the a pledge of allegiance#get to the money
excuse me we could use the money to hire firemen to finally put out that blaze on the east side of town#boring
many of us have destroyed it by leaving winter chains on our tires and carrying too much weight#woohoo look at that pavement fly
(folksy) you know a town with money's a little like the mule with a spinning wheel no one knows how he got it and danged if he knows how to use it#hehheh mule
monorail / monorail / monorail#(singing) mono (annoyed grunt)
i still think we should have spent the money to fix main street#well you should have written a song like that guy
are you stuck in a deadend job ?#(defensive) maybe
are you squandering the precious gift of life in front of the idiot box ?#(angrier) what is it to ya ?
are you on your third beer of the evening ?#does whiskey count as beer ?
(quick) actual institute may not match photo#marge i want to be a monorail conductor
homer no#it is my lifelong dream
your lifelong dream was to run out on the field during a baseball game and you did it last year remember ?#(dreamy) oh yeah
you can get mono from riding the monorail ?"#hmmm false no wait maybe it is true
(looking up answer) no you were right it is "false" wow you really are gonna be a monorail conductor#(nods) that is right boy
you know i used to think you were stuck in an emasculating gonowhere job#hehheh kids
but now i want to follow in your footsteps#(touched) do you want to change your name to homer junior ? the kids can call you hoju
according to this book the monorail goes over a hundred and fifty miles an hour what if something goes wrong ?#"what if ?" what if i am taking a shower and i slip on a bar of soap ? (frightened) oh my god i'd be killed
it frightens me that you want to work on something that is so unsafe#(heroic) we monorail conductors are a crazy breed half in love with death  gobbling up danger like ordinary men eat peanuts am i turning you on ?
no#what if i undo this button ?
goodnight homer#(deep voice) what if i talk like this ?
(deep voice) what if i talk like this ?#what if i sing to you ? (singing) i gave my love a chicken that had no bone/ (pause) (speaking) mmmm chicken
but this gentleman here clearly stands out above the rest#who me ?
(exiting) yeah sure#woohoo
int monorail cockpit  night)#and this is the snack holder where i can put my beverage  or if you will  cupcake
and this is the snack holder where i can put my beverage  or if you will  cupcake#(singing) the wicked witch
(startled noise) homer there is a family of opossums in here#i call the big one bitey
is there a chance the track could bend ?#i call the big one bitey
is there a chance the track could bend#i call the big one bitey
ext monorail  continuous)#i locked my keys in there (to bart) get a rock
int cockpit  day)#all aboard
int monorail cockpit  continuous)#stick your head out the window boy it is the greatest
can not you stop it dad ?#i am trying my best
how fast are they going ?#(scream which fades)
well judging by your husband's cowardly scream 180 miles an hour#(scream which fades)
does anyone wanna switch seats ?#i did it
ext monorail)#(annoyed grunt which fades)
int monorail cockpit  continuous)#(quiet fear) are we gonna die son ?
homer ? homer ?#y'ello
homer there is a man here who thinks he can help you#(desperate) batman ?
no he is a scientist#batman's a scientist
int cabin)#i will take that
int monorail cockpit  continuous)#(admiringly) donuts is there anything they can not do ?
dad you are a hero#yes son i am the best monothingy guy there ever was
and "the washing machine"#wowww
see the happiest fish in the world at our fabulous beerquarium#(excited handing keys to bart) bart warm up the car we are going to duff gardens
yayyy#now what do we say when we get to the ticket booth ?
we are under six#and i am a college student heh heh
(shrugging) no use complaining about something you can not change#(whining) but i wanna go to duff gardens right now
oh homer quit pouting#i am not pouting i am mourning (muttering) stupid dead woman
(sharply) if you do not mind we are on our way to a funeral#dingdong the witch is dead
(singing) which old witch ?#(somberly) patty selma i am sorry
hey homer this luggage is crushing me#hey you do not hear lisa complaining
yeah the legend of the dogfaced woman#(laughing) legend of the dogfaced woman oh that is good
(furrowed brow) homer that is very rude of you#what ? (annoyed grunt)
int diner  day)#all right i am almost there (frustrated moan)
(weary) another placemat sir ?#(dignified) please
(determined) patty i want a baby#do not hassle the dead boy they have eerie powers
(shrugs) eh#(out loud) it is just not fair dammit
homer#all in favor of skipping the poem ? (raises hand)
all in favor of skipping the poem ? (raises hand)#(smugly) thank you
these chips were my children marjorie take special care of them#uh oh
can we go to duff gardens this weekend ?#sure unless another aunt dies
aunt selma this may be presumptuous but have you ever considered artificial insemination ?#(snickering) boy i do not know you gotta be pretty desperate to make it with a robot
(snickering) boy i do not know you gotta be pretty desperate to make it with a robot#i knew that
oh great dad's dead#(sickly moan)
(gasps) have you been eating that sandwich again ?#sand wich
geez we hardly made a dent in that tenfoot hoagie#(patting hoagie) i will give it a good home
you have been eating that thing for a week i think the mayonnaise is starting to turn#(mouth full) two more feet and i can fit it in the fridge
homer i found this behind the radiator i really think you should throw it away#suggestion noted
suggestion noted#marge i'd like to be alone with the sandwich for a moment
are you going to eat it ?#(beat) yes
you look terrible#i do not care i am going to duff gardens
ext simpson driveway  day)#(teeth chattering) sso cold
your lips are turning blue i think you would better stay home#no (in agony) duff gardens hurrah
goodbye dad do not eat any solids#(whining) but i love solids
yayyy#(to hoagie) this is all your fault (softening hugging hoagie) oh how can i stay mad at you ?
do you feel any better ?#no (sadly) what are the odds of getting sick on a saturday ? a thousand to one
well to cheer you up i rented a couple of videos "boxing's greatest weighins" and "yentl"#yentl ? whuzzat ?
it deals with a bookish young woman's efforts to enter rabbinical school#(excited) sounds great
(on tv) what is going on here ? oh yentl i might have known#(admiring) that yentl puts the "she" in yeshiva
hmmm well you have cooled down#that is what you think (purrs)
(giggles) you know i rented another tape in case you felt better#(reading title) "the erotic adventures of hercules"
with norman fell as zeus#woo hoo
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#come to homercles
(giggles) i can not the beans'll burn#homercles cares not for beans
homercles cares not for beans#hi kids how was duff gardens ?
how do you do it homer ?#you take an ordinary bed sheet fold it around like this
homer we are going to my sisters' remember pick up bart#i am on my way
i am on my way#(chuckles) what'd ya say marge ?
after sixteen glorious seasons the green bay faithful bid farewell to bryan bartlett starr#hmm i keep thinking i am forgetting something
(belches "bart")#(standing up) i can not think with all this noise
(standing up) i can not think with all this noise#(frustrated) what am i supposed to do ?
(frustrated) what am i supposed to do ?#pigabar ? what the hell is pigabar ?
ext soccer field  parking lot)#bart ? bart (gasp)
bart ? bart (gasp)#whyyyyy ? howwwww ? whennnn ? whichhh ?
int bathtub)#bart
hey homie i can see your doodle#shut up flanders
ext soccer field  parking lot  a little later)#(tentative) hey boy how was soccer practice ?
(tentative) hey boy how was soccer practice ?#hey bart son here's my way of saying "i am sorry"
hey bart son here's my way of saying "i am sorry"#(grossedout noise)
(grossedout noise)#i know you are mad at me right now and i am kinda mad too i mean we could sit here and try to figure out "who forgot to pick up who" till the cows come home but let's just say we are both wrong and that'll be that
int simpson house  master bedroom  evening)#bart's not mad at me
he called you a bad father#marge when kids these days say bad they mean good and to shake your booty means to wiggle one's butt permit me to demonstrate
(tightly) homer do you have an explanation for this bill ?#(moans) it is that record club the first nine were only a penny then they jacked up the price (sobs) it is not fair it is not fair i tells ya
no no someone made three hundred dollars worth of phone calls to something called "the corey hotline"#wasn't me
dad can i#yeah yeah yeah
nah his game was blackjack he bet our life savings on a single hand#hit me
twenty#hit me
twentyone#hit me
twentytwo#(annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  living room  day)#hey boy where you going ?
fatherson picnic#have a good time (thinks) wait a minute
bart i could kiss you if the bigger brothers hadn't made me sign a form promising i would not no one needs me more than a child with your tragic upbringing now let's set down at that frogurt stand#so that is it
ext simpson house  dusk)#hello son where have you been ?
playing with milhouse#(leaping up) no you have not you have been out gallivanting around with that floozy of a bigger brother of yours have not you have not you look at me
dad it just kinda happened you are taking this too hard#(furious whisper) how would you like me to take it ? "go ahead bart have your fun i will be waiting for you ?" i am sorry i can not do it
and what are your reasons for wanting a little brother ?#uh revenge
uh revenge#what the ?
any of these boys would be thrilled to have a bigger brother like you#ugly wiener crater face (hog call) sooee sooee
ugly wiener crater face (hog call) sooee sooee#ehhh maybe this was a mistake
do you have a bigger brother for me yet ? (sadly) okay i will be back in an hour#(sniffs) i will take him do you have him in blonde ?
(chuckles) just like oscar the grouch#pepi
poppa homer#son your life is gonna get better  starting now
your son bart sounds very bad#oh he is
oh he is#son i just want you to know i love you very much
shaddap#mmm grapefruit
ext simpson driveway  continuous)#i just press this button and the door opens like magic
why does it stop there ?#(growing anger) because it is a stupid piece of junk (angry noises)
(growing anger) because it is a stupid piece of junk (angry noises)#(genially) well i'd better get you home
(genially) well i'd better get you home#what is the matter ?
tell me more i want to know all the constellations#(stuck) well there is jerry the cowboy and that big dipperlooking thing is alan the cowboy
oh poppa homer you are so (learned) learned#(chuckle) (one syllable) "learned" son it is pronounced "learned"
i love you poppa homer#i love you too pepsi
pepi#pepi
hey homer have you seen my skateboard ?#i gave it to pepi
who the hell is pepi ?#he is my little brother (off bart's look) that is right  you are not the only one who can abuse a nonprofit organization
who needs you ? tom's a better father than you ever were#come on bart (sits down on bed) we had our fun remember when i used to push you on the swing ?
i was faking it#(gasp) liar
oh yeah ? remember this ? (faking enjoyment) "higher dad higher whee whee push harder dad" (etc)#stop it stop it stop it
is that true ?#(snorts) no
(snorts) no#come 'n' get it (pulls fish away) woo heh heh heh come `n get it woo (pulls fish away) heh heh heh stupid dolphin
come 'n' get it (pulls fish away) woo heh heh heh come `n get it woo (pulls fish away) heh heh heh stupid dolphin#hey
hey#he is got my hotdog
he is got my hotdog#(stiffly) oh it is you (awkward pause) so you are looking well
come on bart (low) you know better than to talk to strangers#for your information i am his father
(menacingly) his father ? the drunk and gambler ?#(genial) that is right and who might you be ?
(genial) that is right and who might you be ?#(kung fu noises)
(annoyed grunt)#look there is another disadvantaged boy
uh homer ?#oh right
ext street)#this is even more painful than it looks
another beer dad ?#thanks son
dad remember when tom had you in that headlock and you screamed "i am a hemophiliac" and when he let you go you kicked him in the back ?#(chuckles) yeah ?
will you teach me how to do that ?#sure boy
sure boy#first you gotta shriek lika a woman and keep sobbing till he turns away in disgust that is when it is time to kick some back
first you gotta shriek lika a woman and keep sobbing till he turns away in disgust that is when it is time to kick some back#and then when he is lying on the ground
yeah#kick him in the ribs
yeah#step on his neck and run like hell
and this is for my huggy bug in honor of this special day#happy valentine's day
ah thank you dear#(startled) woo hoo
(making trouble) i will bet you have a lot of things planned eh dad ?#uh kind of (defensive) nobody makes a big deal out of valentine's day
(wickedly) hey dad why do not you give mom her present ?#(tightly) what a nice idea son (to marge) it is uh upstairs on the second floor of our house i will just go get it
(tightly) what a nice idea son (to marge) it is uh upstairs on the second floor of our house i will just go get it#(screams)
int kwikemart  day)#apu you gotta help me i need a valentine's gift for my wife
apu you gotta help me i need a valentine's gift for my wife#(coyly) perhaps this might be appropriate
(coyly) perhaps this might be appropriate#yes you saved my life how much ?
one hundred dollars#what ? that is highway robbery i will not pay it
ohh i think you will#forget it pal
(hums) la da de / la da da la da dum da de da da dum da dum da de#(furious) all right but i will never shop here again
nickel off on expired baby food#sold
(nervous laugh) well here's my house#(hearty laugh)
oh i'd give anything to go to that show#i'd sell my firstborn son
hey#(pointed) you will do as your told
ralph thinks i like him but i only gave him a valentine 'cause i felt sorry for him#ah sweet pity where would my love life have been without it ?
well honey i#let me handle this marge i have heard 'em all (rapidly ticking them off) "i like you as a friend" "i think we should see other people" i no speak english"
i get the idea#(continuing) "i am married to the sea" "i do not want to kill you but i will
thanks mom#and if that does not work six simple words "i am not gay but i will learn"
forget it to get those tickets our parents would have to be part of springfield's cultural elite#can you believe flanders threw out a perfectly good toothbrush ?
can you believe flanders threw out a perfectly good toothbrush ?#eww
(upset) oh no it is ralph just make some excuse#she is in the can go away
yes sir i'd do anything for lisa#really ?
mr simpson the tar fumes are making me dizzy#yeah they will do that
dad is it right to take things from people you do not like ?#sure it is honey (beat) you do mean stealing do not you ?
well actually it is not as bad as stealing but my conscience is bothering me#your conscience ? lisa do not let that pushy little weenie tell you what to do
(droopy voice) homer that is a terrible thing to say#oh shaddup
ext street  night)#something wrong officer ?
yeah you got a taillight out#where ?
right there#you know one day honest citizens are going to stand up to you crooked cops
( la schwarzenegger) hasta la vista abie#(excited) c'mon boy finish him off
and now our evening comes to an end#woo hoo
 with a thorough retelling of the life of george washington#(annoyed grunt)
homer i want you to encourage lisa with her science fair project#yeah syrup is better than jelly
yes please#where is your science fair project boy ?
bart do not give the dog cigarettes#whelp time to go to work
whelp time to go to work#roll in at nine punch out at five that is the plan
roll in at nine punch out at five that is the plan#(craftily) then to the duff brewery
(craftily) then to the duff brewery#(panicky) i gotta think of a lie fast
(confused) homer are you going to the duff brewery ?#(screams)
ext nuclear power plant  day establishing)#(reading) if the plant ye wish to flee go to sector 7b
(reading) if the plant ye wish to flee go to sector 7b#(scream)
(scream)#(reading map) to overcome the spider's curse simply quote a bible verse (thinking) uh thou shall not (moan)
i'd also like to express my fondness for that particular beer#(hateful) the man never drank a duff in his life
what does the future hold for duff ? (cocky) let's just say we have got a few ideas up our sleeve#like what ?
um i'd rather not get into it right now#why not ?
(testy) all right we do not have any ideas for the future we got nothing happy ?#no
(looking up) hey thanks a lot that makes it all worthwhile#mmmm gummi beer
mmmm gummi beer#hey barney i think you have had enough
are you crazy ? we still have not tried raspberry duff lady duff tartar control duff (passes out)#barney give me your keys you are too drunk to drive
i am fine#okay you leave me no option
ow what was that for ?#i am trying to knock you out
(into walkietalkie) look alive boys coupla stewed prunes headed your way#gulp
ext duff brewery entrance  later)#(singing) wxy and z / now i know my abc's / will not you come and play with me ?
gee thanks (to homer) you are under arrest#(annoyed grunt)
your license is hereby revoked and you are to attend traffic school and two months of alchanon meetings#your honor i'd like that last remark stricken from the record
haw haw#(muttering) stupid bicycle can not believe this no good rotten
(muttering) stupid bicycle can not believe this no good rotten#i guess it is not all bad
(sadly) what a terrible waste (chipper) hi i am actor troy mcclure you might remember me from such driver's ed films as "alice's adventures through the windshield glass" and "the decapitation of larry leadfoot" for the next 60 minutes we will be seeing actual film of car crash victims#(laughing) it is funny `cause i do not know him heh heh heh
ext first church of springfield  establishing  night)#i am here for the alchanon meeting
my name is hans drinking has ruined my life i am thirtyone years old#my name is homer and i am just here because the court made me come
homer with our help you will never touch a beer again#(screams)
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#(scoffing) so they say i might have a problem (snorts)
homie do you ever drink alone ?#does the lord count as a person ?
no#then yes
do you need a beer to fall asleep ?#(charmed) thank you that'd be nice
do you ever hide beer around the house ?#do i ever
do i ever#ah
do you ever drink to escape from reality ?#(hums "can can")
homie i'd like you to do something for me#you name it
i want you to give up beer for a month#(chipper) you got it no deer for a month
did you say beer or deer ?#(long beat) deer
please homie i know you can do this#all right starting tomorrow no beer for a month
what was that noise ?#(covering) i was saying "pssst i love you"
(crazed) cupcakes cupcakes yes sweet cakes for all#well beer we have had some great times
well beer we have had some great times#(sings) when i was 17 / i drank some very good beer / i drank some very good beer i purchased with a fake id / my name was brian mcgee / i stayed up listening to queen
(sings) when i was 17 / i drank some very good beer / i drank some very good beer i purchased with a fake id / my name was brian mcgee / i stayed up listening to queen#(singing) when i was 17 (sniffle)
dang i was aiming for his head#hm alcohol fueled car
hm alcohol fueled car#one for you one for me one for you one for me
one for you one for me one for you one for me#(drooling noises)
int simpson house  master bedroom  day)#(deep breath) one down twentynine to go
you thinking what i am thinking ?#tv have you turned on me too ?
the windup and the two two pitch oh no the batter is calling for time looks like he is going and getting himself a new bat and now there is a beachball on the field and the ballboys are discussing which one of them is gonna go get it#i never realized how boring this game is
int simpson house  master bedroom)#i think i have lost weight
do not be scared jubjub it is mama#(under his breath) i would kill everyone in this room for a drop of sweet beer
so homer please feel free to tell us anything there is no judgment here#the other day i was so desperate for a beer i snuck into the football stadium and ate the dirt under the bleachers
ext springfield street  day)#do not think about beer do not think about beer do not think about beer
chugalug chugalug chugalug#nooooo
int simpson house  master bedroom  day)#(proudly) thirty days
i am proud of you homie#marge i am going to moe's send the kids to the neighbors i am comin' back loaded
(murmurs) you do not have to start drinking right away i was thinking we could go for a bike ride#but marge the barflies are expecting me moe and barney and that guy who calls me bill
you have saved more than a hundred dollars i found it in your pants#yoink
(low muttering)#moe gimme a beer
ow#put it in the fridge moe i got a date with my wife
ext simpson house  night)#(singing) raindrops keep falling on my head
that is one evil dude#it is just a movie son there is nobody that evil in real life
now stay tuned for professional wrestling live from the springfield grapplarium tonight a texas death match dr hillbilly vs the iron yuppie one man will actually be unmasked and killed in the ring#i hope they kill that iron yuppie thinks he is so big
homer lisa needs braces#do not worry we won a dental plan in the strike of eightyeight that is where i got this scar
soon#(pounding on counter) where is my burrito ? where is my burrito ? where is my burrito ?
(pounding on counter) where is my burrito ? where is my burrito ? where is my burrito ?#(stricken noise)
int simpson house  living room  day)#then i got this scar sneaking under the door of a pay toilet
bullseye (laughs)#(annoyed) thanks a lot carl now i have lost my train of thought
lisa needs braces#(slowly realizing) if we give up our dental plan i will have to pay for lisa's braces
(slowly realizing) if we give up our dental plan i will have to pay for lisa's braces#(to crowd) people stop we can not give up our dental plan lenny without the dental plan you would not have that diamond in your tooth
hey#and gummy joe where would you be without the dental plan ?
(walter brennan type voice) i would not have old chomper here that is for sure#you know what i think of this contract ?
congratulations homer#(excited) hey what does this job pay ?
nothin'#(annoyed grunt)
 unless you are crooked#woo hoo
this is your chance to get a fair shake for the working man#and make lifelong connections to the world of organized crime (thinks) hmmm organized crime
(italian accent) don homer i have baked a special donut just for you#mmm gratzi
(italian accent) don homer my son he has trouble with the#eheheh
eheheh#molto bene
molto bene#(dreamily) that isaniceadonut
do you think you can get the dental plan back ?#well that depends on who is a better negotiator mr burns or me
(holding door stop) dad i will trade you this delicious door stop for your crummy ol' danish#(pleased) done and done heh heh heh (realizing annoyed grunt)
hmm he is a worthy foe look at him smithers exercising away while the others are off at the candy machine#hey lenny can you get this sugar daddy off my back ?
after all negotiations make strange bedfellows (chuckles winks clicks tongue)#sorry mr burns but i do not go in for these backdoor shenanigans sure i am flattered maybe even a little curious but the answer is no
(cheering her up) honey you look fine#(yells) who is it ?
(muffled) goons#who ?
(muffled) hired goons#(confused) hired goons ?
ah homer i hope crusher and low blow did not hurt you#you know you could have just called me
oh yes but the telephone is so impersonal i prefer the handson touch you only get with hired goons#hired goons ?
and this is my basement#(looking around) gee it is not as nice as the other rooms
it does not take a whiz to see that you are looking out for number one well listen to me and you will make a big splash very soon#(pained) which way to the bathroom ?
oh it is the twentythird door on the left#nope nope nope
(crestfallen) ah he would not even hear me out#(satisfied noise)
find the bathroom alright ?#(lying) uh yeah
a bug i tell you a bug (evil laugh which fades)#(sighs to marge) i am gonna resign i do not know why they made me union president in the first place
because they love you down at the plant#yeah you are right guys are always patting my bald head for luck pinching my belly to hear my girlish laugh
(murmurs) that does not sound like they like you at all#ya know i think you are right first thing tomorrow morning i am gonna punch lenny in the back of the head
int union hall  night)#fellow workers i have been meeting with mr burns day and night and i have had enough
(droopy voice) nay#who keeps saying that ?
yes well homer organized labor has been called a lumbering dinosaur#(shrieks)
yes well my director is telling me not to talk to you anymore#(jumping up) woo hoo
(sings) so we will march day and night /#(singing) by the big cooling tower
(explodes) all right you can even have the dental plan on one condition (as if holding trump card) you must resign as head of the union#woo hoo
woo hoo#(curly howard noises)
smithers i am beginning to think that homer simpson was not the brilliant tactician i thought he was#woop woop woop woop woop woop
ext nuclear power plant  front gate  night)#we are going back to work
oh no i can not see i am blind blind#haw haw april fool's
haw haw april fool's#(encouraging noises)
(encouraging noises)#haw haw april fool's i have been keepin' that carton of milk next to the furnace for six weeks sucker
you are goin' down homer i am gonna fool you#you talk better than you fool
i will fool you up real nice#you could not fool your mother on the foolingest day of your life if you had an electrified fooling machine
pu#ahhh what noble visionary thought up april fool's day ?
like halloween and christmas april fool's day traces its origins to pagan ritual#god bless those pagans
the christians changed their calendar and ridiculed those who did not#happy new year
(laughs)#(growls)
int simpson house  kitchen)#and that is the story of april fool's day
(annoyed) dad i was telling the story#oh right
i have got to fool him before the day is out  but how ? he must have a weakness#ah beer my one weakness my achilles heel if you will
(to self) beer beer is the cheese but how to use it#whew it is a good thing that beer wasn't shaken up any more or i'd have looked quite the fool an april fool as it were (chuckles)
ay no es bueno#so thirsty eh what're you gonna do ?
the following is a public service announcement excess of alcohol consumption can cause liver damage and cancer of the rectum#mmmm beer
int hospital  a little later)#(sings) row row row your boat gently down the stream
homie#marge
you are wired in to the rest of your family you have the ability to shock them and they have the ability to shock#arrrgh
arrrgh#arrrgh
i will not jump anymore i promise#ohhh thank god thank god thank god
i love you dad#i love you too son you know boy i do not think i have ever felt as close to you as i do right  (screams)
i love you too son you know boy i do not think i have ever felt as close to you as i do right  (screams)#(excited) i am going to make it i am going to make it this is the greatest thrill of my life i am king of the world woo hoo woo hoo i
int hospital  homer's room  day)#you guys must have been pretty worried about me
ext somewhere in woods  a little later)#this is a trap it is going to catch us our dinner come on boy
this is a trap it is going to catch us our dinner come on boy#shhhh (whisper) just watch
shhhh (whisper) just watch#(triumphant whisper) oooh ahh ha got him
ext forest  long shot)#okay okay this time i will just go into the bushes over there make a lot of noise and flush out a rabbit when he comes out you step on him
right dad#(shrieks) get 'em off me get 'em off me get 'em off me (struggling sounds)
ext simpson backyard  continuous)#the burgers are getting cold guys (looking up) holy moly
(covering) it was an amusing episode of our lives#(touched) thanks for coming to visit me moe
i brought you a little present#no no beer bring pain
int springfield hospital  homer's room  later)#oh marge what if i wind up as some vegetable watching tv on the couch ? my important work will never be completed
int power plant  ten minutes later  various angles)#marge
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#what a lovely surprise you are here to see me right ?
(to homer) hey what'll i tell the boss ?#tell him i am going to the back seat of my car with the woman i love and i will not be back for ten minutes
you can do it homer stand up#i can not
he just will not budge i have tried everything nothing can reach him#(hungry) mmm chocolate
ext the land of chocolate  continuous)#wow chocolate  half price
wow chocolate  half price#mmmm chocolate
mmmm chocolate#(furious growl)
(furious growl)#(weak moan)
(weak moan)#can not breathe sweet chocolate cutting off air (choking noises) mmm nuts
can not breathe sweet chocolate cutting off air (choking noises) mmm nuts#oh yeah
hi dr nick#oof
int burns' office)#uh mr burns i need to borrow some money
please do go on#i know you are a good man and i have a dog that is very sick
oh please continue#i thought maybe you
i thought maybe you#(seeing guards) oh (to burns) well thanks for your time
hi dad want me to cut out this infernal racket ?#no let me hear you play
(confused) why ?#(getting angry) does a father have to explain ? let's just share your gift okay ?
(getting angry) does a father have to explain ? let's just share your gift okay ?#(perks up) yeah that is more like it (joins in) "oh i want to be in that rumba / when the saints go over there over there
(perks up) yeah that is more like it (joins in) "oh i want to be in that rumba / when the saints go over there over there#over there"
int simpson house  master bedroom  day)#why you little
why you little#what the (annoyed grunt)
homer it is really coming down could you check on the boys ?#they are fine
int bart's room)#now come on you are gonna learn how to shave
int bathroom)#and finally the little spot under your nose next we take some toilet paper tear off some teensy little squares and stick one there and there and any place you are bleeding there and there do not worry the blood will hold it right on your face now some aftershave
and finally the little spot under your nose next we take some toilet paper tear off some teensy little squares and stick one there and there and any place you are bleeding there and there do not worry the blood will hold it right on your face now some aftershave#(screams) ah ooh arg son of a   ah (then his normal voice) and that is how we shave
it was just an april fool's joke#(his old self) why you little 
int hospital  waiting room  two minutes to midnight)#this calls for a celebration we are all going to hawaii
(gasps)#(gleefully) gotcha (points to clock) it is april fool's for two more minutes
(laughing) you lost five percent of your brain#me lose brain ? uhoh
me lose brain ? uhoh#why'd i laugh ?
it is so sad that krusty is ashamed of his roots#marge it happened again
gee that is odd they did not send one to you#marge i ate those fancy soaps you bought for the bathroom
oh my god#marge i never graduated from high school
well that still does not explain why you ate my soap wait maybe it does#i never passed remedial science one "a"
and you are a nuclear technician ?#marge ixnay on the uclearnay ecnitiantay
what did you way ?#i do not know i flunked latin too
int simpson home  next day  night)#ah my high school yearbook
ah my high school yearbook#you handsome devil
you handsome devil#(reading) "i can not believe i ate the whole thing" (chuckles)
(reading) "i can not believe i ate the whole thing" (chuckles)#"activities none sports none honors none" so many memories
time to go to the reunion#it will be great to see the old gang again potsy ralph malph "the fonz"
that was "happy days"#no they weren't all happy days like the time pinky tuscadero crashed her motorcycle  or the night i lost all my money to those card sharks and my dad tom bosley had to get it back
sorry sir we are not letting vagrants sleep in the gym tonight but we will be putting some scraps by the back door#(annoyed grunt)
oh it is you simpson (disgusted noise)#(sees someone) look there is bobby mindich the class clown
( la nixon) i am not a crook#(to marge) richard nixon
jealous ?#i will bet you would trade it all for one night with my wife
(admitting) i would#(considering) hmmm
(latino voice) hey man it is dave open up man (spaced out voice) dave's not here man#(laughs uproariously)
grampa ? grampa ?#(laughs uproariously) the guy's so high he does not even know that is dave
homer ? homer ?#homer's not here man
okay very good now let's get on with our (ed sullivan impression) rilly big shew#(whispers to marge) ed sullivan
homer simpson#oh my god
how'd you do it homer ?#(into mike) i discovered a meal between breakfast and brunch
and now the award for most improved odor homer simpson#(pumping fist) yes
and the person who traveled the least distance to be here well kiss my grits homer simpson#what can i say ? it has not been easy staying in my rut
it fell in the toilet#marge i have my pride i am going to go to night school earn my high school diploma and get back my most improved odor trophy
marge i have my pride i am going to go to night school earn my high school diploma and get back my most improved odor trophy#(concerned murmur)
(sigh)#bart lisa i have something to tell you and i am not proud of it
(sincere) dad whatever you say you know you will always have my love and respect#(sincere) i never graduated from high school
hello son i was on my way home from work and thought i'd drop by#oh you have a job ?
they pay me eight hundred dollars a week to tell a cat and a mouse what to do#(skeptical) i see
dad can we talk to grampa alone for a minute ?#all right (confidentially) but if he starts to wig out try to lure him into the cellar
welcome to remedial science 1a my uh wife recently passed away i thought teaching might ease my loneliness#will this be on the test ?
no#(moans)
now i am going to uh burn this donut to show you how many calories it has#nooooooo
the bright blue flame indicates this was a particularly sweet donut#(sobs) this is not happening this is not happening
all right here are your exams fifty questions true or false#true
homer i was just describing the test#true
look homer just take the test and you will do fine#false
false#all right brain you do not like me and i do not like you but let's just do this and i can get back to killing you with beer
int simpson house  night)#marge i passed
that is wonderful homie#at our next high school reunion i will have nothing to be ashamed of
ext springfield high  30 years later)#(smugly) hello dondelinger
simpson is that a plunger stuck on your head ?#(annoyed grunt)
hens love roosters/ geese love ganders/ everyone else loves ned flanders#not me
(shudders) it is all so barbaric#hey kids how was school ?
i got expelled#that is my boy
that is my boy#mmmm beer what ?
look dad i do not need school i will make my way as a bootblack (cockney accent) shine yer boots guv'nor ?#no son of mine is gonna be a 19th century cockney bootblack we are gonna find you another school
you are going to get an education i am going to teach you myself#marge it is too late the boy's ten years old let's focus our energy on lisa and the other one
marge it is too late the boy's ten years old let's focus our energy on lisa and the other one#what is your problem ?
(sullen) whacking day is coming#woo hoo the greatest day of the year
but killing snakes is evil#maybe so lisa but it is part of our ohsohuman nature inside every man is a struggle between good and evil that cannot be resolved
int simpson house  living room  later)#look what i got marge a new whacking stick
look what i got marge a new whacking stick#whack
(repulsed) excuse me#whack whack whack
(scream)#(annoyed grunt)
ext simpson house)#(kung fu noises)
dad everyone likes whacking day but i hate it is there something wrong with me ?#(gently) yes honey
then what should i do ?#just squeeze your rage into a bitter little ball and release it at an appropriate time like that day i hit the referee with a whiskey bottle remember that ?
yeah#your daddy hit the referee
yeah#yeah
ext simpson house)#here you go official whacking day parking ten dollars per axle
here you go official whacking day parking ten dollars per axle#woo hoo
int simpson house  day)#(seductively) well marge
(seductively) well marge#should i whack slow or fast ?
(turned on) slow then fast#uhoh
dad please for the last time i beg you do not lower yourself to the level of the mob#lisa maybe if i am part of that mob i can help steer it in wise directions now where is my giant foam cowboy hat and air horn ?
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#(grunting noises) (gasp) you mean there is a better way ?
that is right order now and you will also get sun `n' run the suntan lotion that is also a laxative#gotta get a juicer gonna drink juice lose weight will not get chest pain from answering the phone anymore
(poorlydubbed laugh)#(moans) oh my juice loosener's never gonna come
hey dad this came for you in the mail#woohoo
woohoo#(screams)
(mad) who the devil are you ?#my name is mr burns
there is no such thing#marge the boy's wasting valuable time  come change the channel and pat my head
marge the boy's wasting valuable time  come change the channel and pat my head#but i will miss "sheriff lobo"
 flintstones' chewable morphine#(whiny) i will miss sheriff lobo
 flintstones' chewable morphine#(whiny) i will miss sheriff lobo
morphine#lobooo
morphine#lobooo
(worried murmur)#look marge i will just talk to apu and i am sure he will be reasonable
(singing indian song)#apu i'd like you to drop the charges against my wife
(shuts off music) no offense but we are putting that bitch on ice#(angry) now come on i am your best customer
no in fact i can recite pi to 40000 places the last digit is one#mmm pie
(worried) i will be fine dear#marge i am gonna miss you so much and it is not just the sex it is also the food preparation your skill with stains of all kinds but mostly i will miss how lucky you make me feel each and every morning
homer i do not think this fish is quite dead yet#marge please i am having enough trouble with the lobsters
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#now kids while your mother's gone i do not wanna have to wash any dishes so from now on drink straight from the faucet or milk carton and we will eat while standing over the sink or toilet
who is gonna change maggie ?#we are gonna let her roam free in the backyard and nature will take its course
it seems like i have been wearing the same red dress forever#go up to the attic there is a whole trunk of clothes up there
go up to the attic there is a whole trunk of clothes up there#(descending stairs/humming "the wedding march")
oh honey i have missed you too (puzzled) homer is that an old halloween costume ?#(lying) uh no
(toothless) doggone it#honey i do not know what you are feelin' right now so i do not wanna push anything we can just hold hands or sit and talk
(very aroused noise)#woo
int simpson house  living room)#he is dead now
did you see that ?#yeah
what is gabbo ?#i figure it is some guy's name (beat) some guy named gabbo
i do not think they are giving you enough information dad#i will figure it out i am gonna use all the power of my brain
i can not believe it our first glimpse of gabbo#(placidly) he will tell us what to do
whoa me rikey velly much (then desperate) oh i hope i did not offend you i need this bad#(singing) with my
dad#(reading newspaper) two wrongs make a right lisa ah rex morgan md you have the prescription for the daily blues
desalinization plant ?#(moans)
what ? what am i lookin' at ? i do not see nothin' i am gonna stop looking soon what what is that it ?#hey moe can i look too ?
sure but it will cost ya#(excited) my wallet's in the car
uhoh#now you can stay with us until you lose that weight you can sleep on the sofa it folds right out
now you can stay with us until you lose that weight you can sleep on the sofa it folds right out#oh wait that was the old sofa
you have got to keep working on it#ooh delicious
(echo) it is it really really is#ooh five cents each
ooh five cents each#junk junk the airplane's upside down stradiwhovius ?
dad when did you record an album ?#i am surprised you do not remember son it was only eight years ago
(laughing) what are we all laughing about ?#who cares ? anyway it all happened during that magical summer of 1985 a maturing joe piscopo left "saturday night live" to conquer hollywood people express introduced a generation of hicks to plane traveland i was in a barbershop quartet
(singing) hello#(singing) hello
(singing) hello ma baby / hello ma honey / hello ma ragtime ragtime gal / send me a kiss by wire etc#every afternoon at moe's chief wiggum principal skinner apu and i would get together and sing and the crowds went wild
barbershop that ain't been popular since aught six dagnabit#bart what did i tell you ?
(singing) baby on board#rock 'n' roll had become stagnant "achy breaky heart" was seven years away something had to fill the void and that something was barbershop
(singing) goodbye#(singing) goodbye
int moe's tavern  day)#(sings) so goodbye
homer i am a theatrical agent and i want to represent your group#really ?
you have got it (distaste) all except that police officer (disgusted noise) too village people you will have to replace him#(sly) just leave it to me
where are we going ? where are we going ? (pants)#run along boy you are free now
int rehearsal hall  day)#the next day we started auditioning for chief wiggum's replacement
old mcdonald had a farm / eeieeio / and on this farm he had a chick / swingingest chick i know / with a wiggle wiggle here and a wiggle wiggle there#get off the stage
int moe's tavern)#it was one lousy applicant after another and then
(singing) just a little irish ditty#barney how'd you like to sing for our group ?
perfect#the be sharps
int simpson car  present)#what'd you kids get ?
i bought this cool pencil holder#(chuckles) far out man i have not seen a bong in years (chuckles)
(sadly) no one bought a wishbone necklace#well one of us made some money i sold a guy our spare tire
well one of us made some money i sold a guy our spare tire#(annoyed grunt)
ext highway  evening)#(to kids) it will be a long time before your mother gets back with the tire so why do not i tell you more of the story ? now that we had a name the be sharps needed a hit something new something exciting something mid1980's
int simpson house  day)#(sings) there was nothing in al capone's vault / but it wasn't geraldo's fault  (angry noise)
look what i got now people will stop intentionally ramming our car#hmm baby on board
hmm baby on board#(singing) baby on board / something something burt ward (spoken) this thing writes itself
gentlemen you have just recorded your first number one#wait will i tell marge
(sourly) oh yes bouffant betty well i would prefer we kept your marriage a secret you see a lot of women are going to want to have sex with you and we want them to think they can#(reluctant) well if i explain it to marge that way i am sure she will understand
int simpson house  living room  day)#come on honey it will only be till we finish our tour of sweden
homer you are going to be famous#yeah but i am not gonna let it change our lives i will be the same loving father i have always been
have you seen bart ?#i stuck him somewhere
ext springfield retirement castle  day)#look what i got for you dad
damned ceremonies this is time i could be working mommy#(coyly) we'd like to dedicate this next number to a very special woman she is 100 years old and she weighs over 200 (wink)  tons
this enormous woman will devour us all (screams)#(pointing) i meant the statue
ext highway  day  present)#we had fame and fortune
int civic auditorium  night)#now all we needed was the approval of record company lowlifes
int grammys  another area)#then came the greatest thrill of my life
hello homer i am george harrison#oh my god oh my god where did you get that brownie ?
over there there is a big pile of 'em#oh man
int hotel suite  bedroom  night)#lisa did you see the grammys ?
(into phone) you beat dexy's midnight runners#well you have not heard the last of them
miss you daddy#i miss you too honey
here's the champagne you ordered mr simpson#oh thanks
oh thanks#here
wow look at all this be sharps merchandise lunch boxes coffee mugs funny foam#they took the foam off the market because they found out it was poisonous but if you ask me if you are dumb enough to eat it you deserve to die (looking os sharply) bart
what'd you do screw up like the beatles and say you were bigger than jesus ?#all the time it was the title of our second album
all the time it was the title of our second album#but we were about to learn an iron law of show business what goes up must come down
so has sinatra#well anyway we were all getting tired of
ditto tom jones#shut up
with your father on the road all the time i tried to compensate for his absence#hi kids i love (speeds up unintelligibly)
(scream)#meanwhile the group was having problems of its own
this is worse than your song about mr t#i pity the fool who does not like he and wher's barney ?
(belch)#then came the day we knew we were finished
gentlemen us magazine just came out with its "what is hot and what is not issue"#are we hot ?
(grim) we are not#we all went our separate ways
int power plant  day)#hey fellas i am back
hey queenie you can go now#i will give her a good home
int simpson house  living room  the present)#(patting stomach) and i did
(patting stomach) and i did#i will never forget my fiveandahalf weeks at the top
since when could you write a song ?#(chuckles) there are perfectly good answers to those questions but they will have to wait for another night now off to bed
 it is a trip to paradise / with my baby on board#i'd like to thank you on behalf of the group and i hope we passed the audition
bart what is wrong with you ?#(very scared) oh my god someone's trying to kill me (very calm) oh wait it is for bart
hmm this one's done in different handwriting#(takes letter embarrassed) oh i wrote that one after bart somehow put this tattoo on my butt
but who'd want to hurt me ? i am this century's "dennis the menace"#it is probably the person you least suspect
(cough waving away smoke) that man is so rude#yeah
(laughs uproariously)#if you do not mind we are trying to watch the mov
oh i will stay away from your son all right (ominous) stay away forever#(terrified) oh no
now sideshow bob can not get in without me knowing and once a man is in your home anything you do to him is nice and legal#is that so ? (calls out window) oh flanders will not you join me in my kitchen ?
(entering) hiedillyhey#go home
 homer simpson marge simpson lisa simpson that little baby simpson that is all#woo hoo did you hear bart ? (realizing) oh
do not worry mrs simpson we have helped hundreds of people in danger we will give you a new name a new job new identities#ooh i wanna be john elway
denver  7 san francisco  56#(standing up) woo hoo
(standing up) woo hoo#whup two against one
i do not think this is such a good idea#this is not just because of sideshow bob it is a chance to turn around all our stinking lives
(cockney) i will be gus the lovable chimney sweep clean as a whistle sharp as a thistle best in all westminster yeah#shut up boy
cape fear terror lake new horrorfield screamville#ooh ice creamville
no screamville#(screams)
tell you what sir from now on you will be homer thompson at terror lake let's just practice a bit when i say "hello mr thompson" you will say "hi"#check
remember now your name is homer thompson#i got ya
(weary) now when i say "hello mr thompson" and press down on your foot you smile and nod#no problem
(stepping on foot) hello mr thompson#(loud whisper to fbi agent #2) i think he is talking to you
(singing along with cassette) three little maids from school are we / pert as a schoolgirl well can be / filled to the brim with girlish glee / three little maids from school#(singing) everything is a source of fun
(sinister chuckle)#lousy speed bumps
ext simpson convertible  further down the road)#ew this coffee's too hot
ext street  day)#hey kids wanna drive through that cactus patch ?
ext marina)#wow a houseboat you know the great thing is if you do not like your neighbors you can just pull up the anchor and sail someplace else
homer where is the dog ?#i tied him up out back
(sighs) we have left it all behind how can you make a clean break with your life ?#relax marge i tied up all the loose ends before we left
int houseboat)#(savoring) aaah
mom dad i saw sideshow bob and he threatened to kill me#bart do not interrupt
homer this is serious#oh it is not
int houseboat  bart's room  night)#bartdoyouwantsomebrowniesbefore yougotobed ?
(screams)#c'mon let me cut you a brownie while they are still hot
dad i am kinda edgy right now i'd appreciate you not coming in my room screaming and brandishing a butcher knife#why ? (beat) oh right the sideshow bob thing sorry boy
why ? (beat) oh right the sideshow bob thing sorry boy#(without thinking) nope
(without thinking) nope#bartdoyouwannaseemynewchainsawand hockeymask ?
(screams)#sorry what am i thinking ? (kisses bart)
i knew i had to buy some time so i asked him to sing the score from "the hms pinafore"#ooh a plan fiendishly clever in its intricacies
take him away boys#aw no fair
duh homer why are we down here ?#oh geez i told you bernie to guard the bee
but why ?#(superior) you guys are pathetic no wonder smithers made me head bee guy
(clutching his head) oh we did bad#(chasing sounds)
yes he is in geneva chairing a conference on nuclear fission (to himself) yes that should stick#(moaning in pain) the bee bit my bottom now my bottom's big oh
homer this is an exact replica of your workstation now we are going to simulate a power surge in core sector eight#(firm) what the hell are you talking about ?
(firm) what the hell are you talking about ?#(on intercom) what do i do ? (sobbing) what do i do ? in the name of god you have got to tell me
relax it is just a simulator nothing can go wrong#(to self) just poke blindly at the controls until they let you go
(quickly) i like to put my feet up#(ferociously) must destroy mankind (looks at watch suddenly normal) ohh lunch time
int simpson house  living room  night)#(screams)
yes he would#so you want me to go to college ?
college ? (laughs) barber or clown ?#bart
i think this is a great opportunity you could learn so much#maybe you are right i did always want to go to college but fate stood in the way
homer sign this application and you are a shoein#(laughs) that dog has somebody's ham this i gotta see
(laughs) that dog has somebody's ham this i gotta see#(fighting noises) c'mon gimme the hand you stupid dog c'mon gimme' that
dad do not let these application essays throw you let's see (reading) "list your three favorite books and how they have influenced your life"#is "tv guide" a book ?
no#"son of sniglets ? ?"
no#katharine hepburn's "me" ?
(impatient) no#(moans) i suck
(moans) i suck#(writing) " it was the most i ever threwup and it changed my life forever"
you the man homer#thanks boy now for the crowning touch
i dunno dad do not you have a better picture ?#relax a photo can not make any difference
ah steakey#sorry son but there is a program about campus life that i really should watch
oh do not worry i have expelled those rowdy members of chugalug house#(bitter) i hate that lousy dean
grrrrr#yes take that bitterman
homie here are the responses from the colleges you applied to#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(annoyed grunt) (annoyed grunt) woo hoo a flyer for a hardware store (annoyed grunt)
well pop what are you gonna do ?#(determined) something i should have done a long time ago
you do not know do you ?#(meek) no ma'am
int simpson house  living room  day)#woo hoo i am a college man i will not need my high school diploma anymore
woo hoo i am a college man i will not need my high school diploma anymore#i am so smart/ i am so smart/ i am so smart/ i am so smart smrti mean smart
ext springfield university  day)#my first day of college i wish my father was alive to see this
hey#how long have you been back there ?
(sadly) three days#(shouting) nerd
homer that is not very nice#marge try to understand there are two kinds of college students jocks and nerds as a jock it is my duty to give nerds a hard time
jocks and nerds as a jock it is my duty to give nerds a hard time#hey pal did you get a load of the nerd ?
int springfield u  dining hall  night)#(chuckles) i will be a campus hero
(cheers)#marge someone's squeezed all the life out of these kids (growing angry) and unless movies and tv have lied to me it is a crusty bitter old dean
(engaging) hi there hello i am dean peterson but you can call me bobby i just want you to know if you ever feel stressed out from studying or whatever i am always up for some hackey sack or hey if you just want to come by and jam i used to be the bass player for "the pretenders"#(angry) boy i can not wait to take some of the starch out of that stuffed shirt
good morning and welcome to nuclear physics 101 i see a lot of new faces but you know the old saying "out with the old in with the nucleus"#(to wiggum) hold me
now we will begin by  oops#(long obnoxious laugh) you see that sir (laughs more) drops his notes (laughter continues)
now if anyone would like to stay i am going to hold a comprehensive review session after every class#do we have to ?
no#(way too big) then kiss my curvy butt goodbye
homer we have a perfectly good bookcase#yeah but this is what they are doing on campus besides it is not costing us  i swiped the cinderblocks from a construction site
this proton accelerator destabilizes the atom in this chamber here then propels it#(cocky) uh excuse me "professor brainiac" but i worked in a nuclear power plant for ten years and uh i think i know how a proton accelerator works
well please come down and show us#all right i will
all right i will#in there guys
homer no one blames you for the accident we simply feel you might benefit with a little outside tutoring i researched these names myself#(muttering) yeah you have won this round dean but the war is not over
hello ?#(fake voice) hello dean ? you are a stupid head
homer is that you ?#(small scream)
(small scream)#hiya gang
(robot voice) stop the humanoid#(irritated) look i am supposed to get a physics tutor
we are the knights who say nee nee nee nee (laugh)#heh heh "nee"
int simpson house  dining room  night)#(filled with wonder) we played dungeons and dragons for three hours (sadly) then i was slain by an elf
listen to yourself man you are hangin' with nerds#(threatening) you take that back
homer please these boys sound very nice but they are clearly nerds#(pleading) really ? but nerds are my mortal enemy
dad nerds are nothing to fear in fact they have done some pretty memorable things some nerds of note include popcorn magnate orville redenbacher rock star david byrne and supreme court justice david souter#(gasps) oh not souter oh no
come on mr simpson you will never pass this course if you do not know the periodic table#(glum) i will write it on my hand
ho including all known lanthanides and actinides ? (chortling) good luck#c'mon guys look at yourselves all you do is study i am gonna show you the true meaning of college
c'mon guys look at yourselves all you do is study i am gonna show you the true meaning of college#we are gonna go out and party
ext simpson house  day)#aah the college road trip what better way to spread beerfueled mayhem ?
if you are going for a ride i'd like you to take bart and lisa#(whiny) but marge we are college guys and we are up to no good
int ballroom  later)#i am telling you a big crazy prank is just what the doctor ordered (laughs) the dean'll go nuts
i am telling you a big crazy prank is just what the doctor ordered (laughs) the dean'll go nuts#i got it we wait by his mailbox and when he comes outside we roll him up in a carpet and throw him off a bridge
the only other college in fifty miles is springfield a&m so they are our best target#(seething) those bastards
meet sir oinksalot the beloved mascot of springfield a&m here he is presiding over last year's homecoming (slaps down a photo) here he is conferring an honorary degree on richard nixon (slaps down a photo) and here he is rolling in his own filth gentlemen i propose we kidnap sir oinksalot#and then we roll him up in a carpet and throw him off a bridge (giggles)
and then we roll him up in a carpet and throw him off a bridge (giggles)#what ?
ext springfield a & m  night)#look you pull its tail straight and it curls right back up again curly straight curly straight curly straight curly straight
mr simpson i do not think he likes that#of course he does he is a cute little piggy (continues pulling tail) curly straight curly straight curly
of course he does he is a cute little piggy (continues pulling tail) curly straight curly straight curly#ow why you little
ext springfield u entrance  day)#guys believe me i did not mean to get you expelled
huh i can not believe that worked#(realizing) hey that is not the wallet inspector
int simpson house  living room  day)#marge they do not have anywhere to stay and they are geniuses they will solve all our problems they will elevate us to the status of kings on earth
it is bad enough they put their retainers in the dishwasher  can not we do something ?#look i am sure we can work something out where we can all live in harmony right marge ?
you really think you can get us back into college ?#absolutely (musing) now the only antidote to a zany scheme is an even zanier scheme
why does it have to be zany ?#(snaps fingers) i got it we are gonna fix it so you guys save the dean's life
int car  tight shot)#perfect
int springfield memorial hospital  room  day)#well dean i am really sorry for the runningyouover prank
prank ?#and all those other pranks were my idea too i am the one who should be expelled
well i am touched by your honesty and who knows perhaps i have been a bit of an ogre myself#yes you have
we really want to thank you mr simpson#(sighs) no problem guys the important thing is that we wrapped up all the loose ends
so in conclusion good luck on tomorrow's big final exam#exam ? ? oh this is just like one of those bad dreams
exam ? ? oh this is just like one of those bad dreams#(scream)
(very concerned) what are you gonna do mr simpson ?#actually i have been working on a plan during the exam i will hide under some coats and hope that somehow everything will work out
(skeptical then dramatic) or with our help you could cram like you have never crammed before#(shrugging) whatever either way is good
aw man i can not believe you failed#(moans) i am gonna lose my job just 'cause i am dangerously unqualified
mr simpson there is a way we could well use a computer to change your grade#(amazed) computers can do that ?
oh yes the only problem is the moral dilemma it raises which requires#(smooching) mora wuza ?
(impressed) an "a plus" how did you do it ?#(coy) oh let's just say i had help from a "little magic box"
you changed your grade with a computer ?#(annoyed grunt)
way to go dad#look the important thing is that we all learned a lesson (to nerds) these guys learned the richness and variety of the world outside college
no we did not#oh then i learned the real value of college is to study and work hard
no you did not you only passed your course by cheating which you always taught us was wrong#(thinking) hmmm true
(to homer) and i learned that in order for you to set a good example for your son you are gonna take that course over again without cheating#oh marge you are worse than that crusty old dean
oh marge you are worse than that crusty old dean#well i guess it is back to college for me and that means it is time to (to nerds) what did i teach you guys ?
(together) party down ?#(jumping up and triumphantly pumping fist in the air) yes
ext simpson house  establishing  morning)#(in his sleep) (screams) lobo lobo bring back sheriff lobo lobo lobo
(in his sleep) (screams) lobo lobo bring back sheriff lobo lobo lobo#(screams)
what ? homie#oh no burns' birthday
what is wrong ?#(low whining) every time mr burns has a birthday all his employees have to help out at the party and i always get some terrible job
where is that dreaded piata ?#ow ow ow missed me (laughs) ow
ow ow ow missed me (laughs) ow#(worried sound)
int power plant  later)#not funny and the one in my pants really hurt
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#(as he writes) hee hee i am so funny this is gonna be great
what are you doin' ?#i am writing a delicious send up of mr burns for his birthday party is poo poo one word or two ?
actually mom a tweaking of mr burns' foibles if done with the greatest of care could earn dad a special place in the old man's heart#well i also do a delightful impression of him (chuckles) i paint a frownie face on my butt and pull down my pants
int simpson home  that night)#(swaggering) now i am not saying mr burns is incontinent
does either of you know what incontinent means ?#lisa do not spoil our fun
come on dear it is time to go#(jovial) okay stupid
homer you have got to stop insulting everyone especially your boss#marge the comedy roast is an american tradition it is what gives us the freedom to criticize our social betters hey flanders you smell like manure
and now it is time for the comedy stylings of homer simpson#(lots of energy) are you ready to laugh ?
oh that poor dog#i said are you ready to laugh ?
quiet you awful man#(smoothly) you know mr burns is so cheap
what#(suddenly nervous) i mean you know mr burns is so old
how dare you#(to himself) oooh tough crowd better bring out the big guns here's an impression of mr burns that you might find a little cheeky
(to himself) oooh tough crowd better bring out the big guns here's an impression of mr burns that you might find a little cheeky#i am mr burns blah blah blah do this do that blah blah blah
i am mr burns blah blah blah do this do that blah blah blah#i think i am so big blah blah blah
(to guards) destroy him#blah bla
blah bla#unghhhh
int simpson house  living room  day)#oh where did i lose 'em ? i will never wiggle my bare butt in public again
yes'm (chuckles to himself) dad i know you are discouraged but please do not deny the world your fat can#do not worry boy he will be ready for your aunt selma's birthday
it could be right in front of your face as i am saying this waggling back and forth perhaps being held up by a loved one#maggie i am trying to watch tv put that moldy old bear down
maggie i am trying to watch tv put that moldy old bear down#moldy ? old ? (excited) i am gonna get something to eat
ext burns mansion)#right that makes sense (beat)
right that makes sense (beat)#no (screams) lemme go
int simpson house)#(strangled gasp)
(strangled gasp)#(another gasp) how long have we had these fish ? wait (awe) the bear burns' bear
(reading) "bobo" it is mr burns' bear all right#well burns is not gettin' this back cheap i will tell you that he is going to have to give me my own recording studio
well burns is not gettin' this back cheap i will tell you that he is going to have to give me my own recording studio#two allbeef patties special sauce lettuce cheese pickles onions on a sesame seed bun (drools)
no let's send burns the eye in the mail he will pay more money if he thinks the bear is in danger#yes we will send the eye
as you can see this old place is falling apart but i am sure we can come to an understanding#yes sir (to himself) reject the first offer reject the first offer
may i offer you a drink ?#(with great finality) sorry burns no deal
int simpson house  living room)#(panic) i gotta call burns i gotta call burns maybe i can still get that drink
nope#(calm and gloating) i knew you would come crawling back
how much do you want ?#a million dollars and three hawaiian islands good ones not the leper ones
done now give me that bear#woo hoo i am rich rich i tells ya here you go
woo hoo i am rich rich i tells ya here you go#it seems to be stuck (struggles with bear) bad baby bad maggie
(sobs)#here you go maggie
here you go maggie#the deal's off mr burns the bear stays here
you have made a mistake simpson#ah big deal who needs his money ? we are gettin' by okay
(gruffly) yes#hmmm sixtyfour slices of american cheese
hmmm sixtyfour slices of american cheese#sixty four sixty three
have you been up all night eating cheese ?#(sadly) i think i am blind
excuse me wanted to see the guy who valued the happiness of his children over money#right here
aw you said his head was the size of a baseball#my life can not get any worse
homer simpson report for much worse duties#(bad mood) after lunch can i whip you ?
(bad mood) after lunch can i whip you ?#maggie i know you like the bear but would not you be just as happy playing with (looks around) this box
maggie i know you like the bear but would not you be just as happy playing with (looks around) this box#see maggie ? see the fun box do do do do doo do
see maggie ? see the fun box do do do do doo do#do do do do doo (giggles)
do do do do doo (giggles)#no my box my box
no my box my box#(giggles)
(groans) i think we need a new hairdryer#marge you must hate me for not taking mr burns' money
i do not hate you i am proud of you you came through for your daughter when she needed you the most#aw thanks marge but it will take a lot more than that to comfort this tortured soul
aw thanks marge but it will take a lot more than that to comfort this tortured soul#(giggles) box (giggles some more)
gimme that#(moans)
two plus two is four / two plus two is four / two plus two is four#(giggle) i can see why this is so popular
give me my bear simpson#(small scream)
holy crap#(gasps)
what is that you say ? you can live without television as long as you have beer ?#that is right
(very dangerous) homer give him what he wants#oh barney leave me alone
is it my imagination or is tv getting worse ?#eh it is about the same uhoh look out smithers
eh it is about the same uhoh look out smithers#(laughs) i love this show
(laughs) i love this show#well well look whose come to apologize
please please#but mr burns it is not my bear it is maggie's
(already less excited) eh do not worry i am sure i will remember it#well we did not get any money but mr burns got what he wanted (beat) marge i am confused is this a happy ending or a sad ending ?
we love this it is a vision in raspberry cream#(whispering) oooh pure genius
(whispering) oooh pure genius#(gurgling noises  snapping out of it  realizing) oh pure genius (gurgles) and now to make the leap from dreams to reality
(gurgling noises  snapping out of it  realizing) oh pure genius (gurgles) and now to make the leap from dreams to reality#(screams)
int power plant  homer's workstation  a little later)#all right stay calm remember your training
all right stay calm remember your training#(reading) dear homer iou one emergency donut signed homer (crumples the paper) bastard he is always one step ahead (desperate) oh i'd sell my soul for a donut
(sly calm) well that can be arranged#flanders you are the devil ?
(flanders voice) (laugh) it is always the one you least suspect (philosophical) now many people offer to sell their souls without reflecting upon the grave ramifica#(interrupting) do you have a donut or not ?
the instant you finish it i own your soul for #(piggish eating noises then with mouth full) hey wait if i do not finish this last bite you do not get my soul do you ?
(squirming) technically no but #(annoying singsong) i am smarter than the devil i am smarter than the dev
(fiery exorcisttype multivoice) you are not smarter than me i will see you in hell yet homer simpson (vanishes)#(smug) not likely heh heh
int simpson kitchen  that night)#mmmm forbidden donut
well well finishing something ?#(screams)
(screams)#(panicky noises)
homer ? did you eat that donut ?#(lying) no
oh you americans with your (sissy voice) due process and fair trials this is always so much easier in mexico all right very well we will have the trial tomorrow at the stroke of midnight 'til then you are going to spend the day in hell#eh that wasn't so bad
(sadistic) so you like donuts eh ?#uh huh
well have all the donuts in the world (cackles)#(happy eating noises) more (happy eating noises) mmmm
homer are you all right ?#(weakly) no
no#woo hoo (jumps up burns head on flaming cage) ow
homer stop picking at it#(whiny) but i am so sweet and tasty (sighs) well time to go to work
lisa your brother's obviously had a nightmare (to bart) do not worry honey the scary part's over#marge look at all this great stuff i found at the marina it was just sitting in some guy's boat
(angry chattering noises)#hey boy
we come now to the final and most terrifying painting of the evening to even gaze upon it is to go mad#(screams) they are dogs and they are playing poker (crazed laughter)
a vampire#(patronizing) hehhehheh lisa vampires are makebelieve just like elves gremlins and eskimos
(slurping noises) precious blood#(interested) hmmm business deal
int simpsons' car  continuous)#it sure was nice of mr burns to invite us for a midnight dinner at his country house in (dramatic) pennsylvania
lisa stop being so suspicious (beat) did everyone wash their necks like mr burns asked ?#sure did
(quietly) dad do you notice anything strange ?#yeah his hairdo looks so queer
(turning and snapping) i heard that#it was the boy
it was the boy#huh ooooh punch
(sniffing it) eww dad this is blood#correction free blood
correction free blood#(refreshed) ahhh
(emotionless) hello mother hello father i missed you during my uneventful absence#oh lisa you and your stories bart is a vampire beer kills brain cells now let's go back to that building thingee where our beds and tv is
lisa it is not like you have a choice here#bart how many times have i told you not to bite your sist (gasps) wait a minute you are a vampire
the only way to get bart back is to kill the head vampire mr burns#kill my boss ? do i dare live out the american dream ?
this is dangerous i wish we could have found a sitter for maggie#(excited) super fun happy slide
(sternly) no dad#(moans) i guess killing will be fun enough
you must drive this stake right through his heart#take that vile fiend
(deadpan) uh dad that is his crotch#oh sorry
oh sorry#(long relieved sigh)
you are fired#(annoyed grunt)
(nervously) but no we killed mr burns#you have to kill the head vampire
int simpson house  living room  night)#what the hell's so funny ?
maybe it is the tv#stupid tv be more funny
(startled) what the hell ? (realizing  very excited) oooh we got a call#heh heh some idiot actually called in
marge simpson#(scream)
(into phone) i'd like to pledge thirty dollars (then) oh thank you#marge it is public tv they never have anything good where are the geraldos ? where are the eubankseses ?
they need our support besides they gave me two tickets to the ballet#(ecstatic) the ballet ? woo hoo
you like ballet ?#(indignant) marjorie please i enjoy all the meats of our cultural stew (musing) ahhh ballet
(indignant) marjorie please i enjoy all the meats of our cultural stew (musing) ahhh ballet#(calliope noises)
that is one right there#(rolling his eyes) all right but remember it is mine
(rolling his eyes) all right but remember it is mine#that is what ballet is ? (moans)
mr simpson you do realize this may result in hair loss giddiness and the loss of equilibrium ?#yeah yeah yeah just give me the serum
yeah yeah yeah just give me the serum#heh heh heh it was worth it
heh heh heh it was worth it#(giggles)
hey homer you wanna get a beer on the way home ?#(bitter  sarcastic) i can not i gotta take my wife to the ballet
gonna go see the bear in the little car huh ?#mmmm invisible cola
mmmm invisible cola#(looking both ways) heh heh time to stick it to the man
hey careful there homer i heard somebody lost an arm in there once#phht that is just an old wives tale
int soda machine  continuous)#(adlibs reaching noises) errrrghh justa little more got it
(adlibs reaching noises) errrrghh justa little more got it#(shrieks) i am stuck help me
let's get outta here#(struggling) must get to ballet
(struggling) must get to ballet#promised marge
int a different hallway)#hello ? can i get some help ? snack related mishap
hello ? can i get some help ? snack related mishap#(sees candy machine) mmmmm candy
int power plant hallway  continuous)#(into phone) marge this may be hard to believe but i am trapped inside two vending machines
int power plant  at same moment)#(distraught) i am going to have these things on my arms forever
(distraught) i am going to have these things on my arms forever#(grandly) candy and sodas for all
(grandly) candy and sodas for all#mmmm convenient
homer this is never easy to say i am gonna have to saw your arms off#they will grow back right ?
(lying) oh yeah#(sighs relieved)
homer are you just holding onto the can ?#your point being ?
int simpson house  living room  later)#marge i know you did not believe me about the vending machines that is why i had the fireman write me a note
(reading) "mrs simpson while we were rescuing your husband a lumberyard burned down"#(annoyed grunt) lumber has a million uses
i am disappointed in you but it turns out i had a wonderful time with ruth powers in fact we are going out again tomorrow night#marge that is twice i think you are spending entirely too much time with this woman
heh heh oh marge we should do this every thursday#(whiny) marge i got sprayed by this skunk oh look it is doing it again
(whiny) marge i got sprayed by this skunk oh look it is doing it again#marge you can not go out on saturday that is our special night
what is so special about it ?#what the(indignant) oh i do not know a little show called "doctor quinn medicine woman" ?
(disapproving murmur)#where you going ?
i do not know#when will you be home ?
i am not sure#where you going ?
you already asked me that#will you bring me back something ?
(kisses homer) do not wait up#how can you do this marge ? how can you desert your children ?
rock the casbah#(disgusted re children) man's best friend indeed
int simpson house  living room  a little later)#i can not believe your mother went out to have fun without me
(not angry) i am lucky i have a husband and three wonderful children thank you very much#(pleased) oh that would be delightf quiet boy (beat) there is nothing to feel ashamed of here women have a right to a night out right lisa ?
sure dad (cracking whip sound)#that is it i am calling my buddies marge is not the only one who can have a girls' night out
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#fine i can have a great time all by myself
hey dad i think state and federal laws require us to have a babysitter#(laughs) oh lisa have not you seen "home alone ?" if some burglars come it will be a very humorous and entertaining situation
(slyly) you are absolutely right homer we do not need a babysitter#wait a second
wait a second#you kids do need a babysitter
blast that infernal card (then slyly) do not give that card to me#here you g (realizing) nnnnnno
mr simpson i was just going through your garbage and i could not help overhearing that you need a babysitter of course being a highly skilled attorney my fee is one hundred and seventyfive dollars an hour#we pay eight dollars for the night and you can take two popsicles out of the freezer
three#(firm) two
okay two and i get to keep this old bird cage#done
ext moe's bar  night  a little later)#sometimes you gotta go where everybody knows your name
int moe's  continuous)#(very up) hi guys
(very up) hi guys#moe get the darts i want to play
no we are phasing out the games people drink less when they are havin' fun#(moans)
int kwikemart  continuously)#ooooh "jet"
ooooh "jet"#woo hoo it is garret morris' birthday
homer stop that it is just a weather station#come on marge it is fun to smash things (laugh) i smashed it good (laugh)
come on marge it is fun to smash things (laugh) i smashed it good (laugh)#(hickish) you got real purdy hair
ext trail night  a little later)#(re car whistle) ah young love
ext springfield sign  a little later)#the old makeout place (noticing) hey a new weather station (picks up a hefty stick) i will bash it good
the old makeout place (noticing) hey a new weather station (picks up a hefty stick) i will bash it good#(whining) it is just no fun without marge
what are you doing here ?#(mopey) my wife's having a girls' night out
int wiggum's police car  continuous)#(sighs) i miss you marge
(on radio) we are in pursuit of two female suspects one is wearing a green dress pearls and has a lot of blue hair#"a lot of blue hair ?" hehheh what a freak
"a lot of blue hair ?" hehheh what a freak#(screams) it is marge she is become a crazed criminal just because i did not take her to the ballet
that is exactly how dillinger got started#really ?
mmmm engine block eggs if we can keep these down we will be sittin' pretty#that is them
oh no they are headed right for the grand chasm#oh my god they are gonna drive right into it just to teach us men a lesson and it is all my fault
oh my god they are gonna drive right into it just to teach us men a lesson and it is all my fault#(into bull horn) marge marge
homer ?#look marge i am sorry i have not been a better husband i am sorry about the time i tried to make gravy in the bathtub i am sorry i used your wedding dress to wax the car and i am sorry oh well let's just say i am sorry for the whole marriage up to this point
(to ruth) you are right i am lucky to have him#but please marge do not drive into that chasm
ha and to think those idiot environmentalists were protesting this landfill#solid waste i could kiss you
solid waste i could kiss you#(alternate kisses) mmmmm ewwww (happy) mmmmmohhh mmmmm ahhhh (happy) ooh i think this was pizza
homer simpson was remanded to the custody of the united states army neurochemical research center at fort meade maryland for extensive testing#woo hoo
stop that bart homer speak to him#heh heh stupid animals
heh heh stupid animals#ahh the daily newspaper
ahh the daily newspaper#oooh the springfield men's shelter is giving away sixty soiled mattresses
why do you read that "free" column homer ? they never have anything good#(gasps) oh my god
what is it ?#(too excited to speak) tramampleeen trambapleeen
ext street  day)#oh no you do not that trampoline is mine
oh no you do not that trampoline is mine#huh ?
huh ?#(amused) (chuckles)
hey that seltzer ain't free#(surprised) krusty
that is me (laugh) you here for the trampoline ?#yeah what is the deal ?
well i used to do a lot of tumbling in my act but i am phasing it out for more dirty limericks (reciting) there once was a man named enos #(interrupting) and i can just haul it away ? free ?
you are a good dog arencha boy ? arencha ?#hi son (bounce) hi son (bounce) hi son
i do not know if this is a good idea#marge it is the perfect exercise it will double the value of our house and it was free freeee
are you sure it is safe ?#absolutely and this is just the beginning i have got some big plans
it smells funny in there#(cheerfully) no it does not
(mad) stop jumping on me i am hurt#kids kids once you get hurt move aside and let other people jump
homer this is terrible#(annoyed) okay okay i will take care of it
(nagging) i told you this was a bad idea#all right all right i will get rid of the trampoline
ext street)#(calling) hey krusty i am bringing back the
(deadly tone) you just keep right on drivin'#there we go (dusts hands)
there we go (dusts hands)#that is the last i will see of mr trampoline
that is the last i will see of mr trampoline#yep it is finally gone
yep it is finally gone#if this were a cartoon the cliff would break off now
if this were a cartoon the cliff would break off now#i am thirsty
i am thirsty#(yells)
ext simpson house  front yard)#checkmate mr trampoline
checkmate mr trampoline#(slumping) all right all right you win for now but some day you will rust
(slumping) all right all right you win for now but some day you will rust#rust i tell ya (crazed laugh)
dad dad you really want to get rid of this trampoline ?#uhhuh
let's jump on the car instead#okay the trampoline was a bad idea (then defiant) but you know what ? at least i am out there trying new things if it were up to you all we'd ever do is work and go to church
(coldly) that is not true#name one thing you have done in the past month that was fun
i can name ten things i (stumped) i made sloppy joes#(snorts) that is not fun
(uncomfortable) um uh well uh#see marge ?
int simpsons' living room  day)#( la martin) what up marge ?
(holding up videotape box) i am watching a videotape that could change our lives#marge can i go outside and play ?
that video really opened my eyes i can see that i am just a passiveaggressive coculprit by nagging you when you do foolish things i just enable your lifescript#and that sends me into a shame spiral
uhoh you are in for it now dad#marge i am feeling a lot of shame right now
i am hearing that you feel a lot of shame#and i feel that you hear my shame
i am feeling annoyance and frustration but also tolerance#i feel validated by that
good i am glad we had this talk#me too
me too#wow for free "surplus drums of mayonnaise from operation desert storm"
(gasp) brad goodman is coming to town#oh marge you and i are fine now who needs brad goodman ?
ext parking lot  night)#well here we are at the brad goodman lecture
(puzzled) we know dad#i just thought i'd remind everybody after all we did agree to attend his selfhelp seminar
(points to mouth) food goes in here#it sure does
(laughing) that means no eh ? i am not so oldfashioned your parents have done a fantastic job (scans crowd) mama papa  could you come up here ?#(acknowledging applause) thank you very very much
arr this picture'll serve me well on those lonely nights at sea#this is great i can finally look like i want and not get hassled by the man
(shrugging) i did not feel like it#hey i hear ya buddy
eep#hey boy in here
int float)#(dramatically) hold on son
(dramatically) hold on son#so long suckers
they are headin' for the old mill#no we are not
int simpson house  living room  that night)#ah boy if only bart had been a better role model for everyone
no selfimprovement can be achieved but not with a quickfix it is a long arduous journey of personal and spiritual discovery#that is what i have been saying we are all fine the way we are
that is what i have been saying we are all fine the way we are#oooh it is that new show about the policeman who solves crimes in his spare time
you tell me chief you had a pretty good view from behind your desk#ah mcgarnigal eases the pain
what does that mean exactly ?#it means he gets results you stupid chief
dad sit down#oh i am sorry
int simpson living room  simultaneous)#ah finally a little quiet time to read some of my old favorites
ah finally a little quiet time to read some of my old favorites#(reading label) "honey roasted peanuts ingredients salt artificial honeyroasting agents pressed peanut sweepings" mmmmm
(at the door) homer i have to go out to pick up something for dinner#steak ?
money's too tight for steak#steak ?
(lying) sure steak#ah the last peanut  overflowing with the oil and salt of its departed brothers
ah the last peanut  overflowing with the oil and salt of its departed brothers#(with mouth open) uh oh something's wrong
(with mouth open) uh oh something's wrong#(feeling around) ow pointy eww slimy uhoh moving (finding something) ahha
(feeling around) ow pointy eww slimy uhoh moving (finding something) ahha#(disappointed) oh twenty dollars (whiny) i wanted a peanut
(disappointed) oh twenty dollars (whiny) i wanted a peanut#(quickly) explain how
(quickly) explain how#woo hoo
woo hoo#(screams)
(sing crescendo) it is a hellofa towwwnnn#mmmmm free goo
i know you think the junior campers are square and (air quotes) "uncool" but they also do a lot of neat things like singalongs and flag ceremonies#marge do not discourage the boy weaseling out of things is important to learn it is what separates us from the animals (beat) except the weasel
(moans) they will not let you have any fun#well if it is not the leader of the wiener patrol boning up on his nerd lessons
homer you should be more supportive#you are right marge good work boy
you are right marge good work boy#(sing song) egghead likes his bookie wook
homer#(quickly) just tucking him in
int simpson kitchen  night)#oooh floor pie
oooh floor pie#(sad noises)
(sad noises)#(sad moan)
(sad moan)#hmm
hmm#bart (beat) mmm apple
(to himself) oh no me bring homer on a rafting trip ?#(dumb voice) dah i am the captain my son is bart
int simpson living room  continuous)#(taunting) how was jerk practice boy ? (fairy voice) did they teach you how to sing to trees and build crappy furniture out of useless wooden logs ? huh ?
(taunting) how was jerk practice boy ? (fairy voice) did they teach you how to sing to trees and build crappy furniture out of useless wooden logs ? huh ?#(annoyed grunt) (struggling) stupid poetic justice
(skipping by) actually we were just planing the fatherson river rafting trip#heh heh you do not have a son
int homer's bedroom  continuous)#i do not want to go so if he asks me to go i will just say yes
i do not want to go so if he asks me to go i will just say yes#(angry) shut up brain or i will stab you with a qtip
(angry) dad i really want you to come on this trip with me#(angry) bart i'd be delighted to go on your trip with you
(angry) bart i'd be delighted to go on your trip with you#(double annoyed grunt)
arrr here be a fine vessel the yarest rivergoin' boat there be#i will take it
okeydokey everybody find a partner two dads to a raft#(to himself) please not flanders please not flanders please not flanders
(laughs sincerely)#(coldly) you are not my son
now what happened to that gosh darn map i brought ?#(guiltily) uh i dunno (beat) but lucky for you somebody here is responsible
(guiltily) uh i dunno (beat) but lucky for you somebody here is responsible#hey there is a new mexico
oh quick homer which way do we turn ?#so many krustyburger locations (gurgling sounds)
paddle harder homer we gotta fight the current#wrong again flanders
wrong again flanders#in a situation like this you just relax and let the current take you back to land
in a situation like this you just relax and let the current take you back to land#(teeny tiny distant annoyed grunt)
ext out at sea  the raft  day)#(like tape) sugar do do do do do do awww honey honeyyy do do do do do do / you are my candy girrrrl (whiny) lousy piece of junk
hey i got that for my birthday#now i have to face stupid reality again flanders my socks feel dirty gimme some water to wash 'em
again ? homer we have to ration the water carefully it is our only hope#(smug) oh pardon me mr let's ration everything but what do you think we are floatin' on ? do not you know the poem ? "water water everywhere/ so let's all have a drink"
homer no#(cowed) ohh what does it matter ? we are doomed
wrong we are saved sea gulls always stay near land they only go out to sea to die#woohoo (vindicated) see that boy ? (proudly) your old man was right not flanders we are doomed (turning to flanders) in your face flanders
(angry) well at least ned is trying what are you doing to help ?#well since you are all such a bunch of big rationbabies i will just be in charge of the rationing
well since you are all such a bunch of big rationbabies i will just be in charge of the rationing#observe boy the secret is to take tiny bites like so
observe boy the secret is to take tiny bites like so#(sophisticated munchy noises)
stop it / stop it / dad#(whiny) why could not i be on one of the smart rafts i bet they are having the time of their life
a rescue plane get the flare gun#this ain't one of your churchpicnic flaregunfirings flanders this is the real thing
this ain't one of your churchpicnic flaregunfirings flanders this is the real thing#(annoyed grunt) all right well that is okay when they come to rescue him they will rescue us
(annoyed grunt) all right well that is okay when they come to rescue him they will rescue us#(annoyed grunt)
come back come back (crazed) oh we are done for we are done for we are donediddilydone for we are done diddilydoodily donediddilydoodily donediddilydoodily donediddilydoodily#flanders snap out of it
dad i think he is oka#it is better (slap) to be safe than (slap) sorry (slap slap  to ned) sorry
diddily#(slap)
(weakly) you know homer this cheese doodle is our last morsel of food#(weakly) you will thank me when we are frying up a big juicy fish
godspeed li'l doodle#(slow and weak) he will be back
(slow and weak) he will be back#here fishy fishy fishy we are waiting
here fishy fishy fishy we are waiting#(to bart) son there is something i was gonna give you at the end of this trip but since we may not survive i want you to have it now
(gasp) a real swiss army knife cool#(sweet and proud) i stole it from that borgnine guy
(sincerely) dad i know i have been a little hard on you the last couple of days if i had the strength to lift my arms i'd give you a hug#thanks boy (handing knife to bart) now be careful when you
(wearily) dad do not take this wrong but your expression does not fill me with confidence#the foul stench of death is upon us (sniffs) mmmm hamburgers
hey wait i smell hamburgers too#according to this map there is a krustyburger on an offshore oil rig
that is what you are smelling homer oh if it weren't for this blasted fog we'd be saved#never mind the fog (takes a deep whiff smells) that way steer there is not much time
close the damn thing down no one's ever gonna come#(roars) give seven hundred krustyburgers
you did it dad you saved us i am proud you are my father#(mouth full) go away eating
int power plant  control room  the same time)#(slyly) watch this guys
and we can not take off our pants when it gets real hot#and we will not be able to pee in the drinking fountain
and we will not be able to pee in the drinking fountain#(covering) i mean you know if we wanted to not that i ever did
yeah ditto#(not looking at her) hi
ain't you ever seen a naked chick ridin' a clam before ?#gotta go
gotta go#what the hell was that ? i probably should not have eaten that packet of powdered gravy i found in the parking lot
ext power plant  parking lot  quitting time)#yeah another day another box of stolen pens
have a good night homer#you too (to himself) no goose bumps no hallucinations that last time was just a fluke
you too (to himself) no goose bumps no hallucinations that last time was just a fluke#(happy whistling)
(happy whistling)#(scream)
int power plant  employee lounge)#(nonchalant) so uh what do you guys think of mindy ?
seems okay anybody see the game last night ?#yeah that mindy seems real nice
yeah usually you just take the box of donuts into the bathroom#mindy has a motorcycle
int moe's bar  that evening)#moe i need your advice
yeah#see i got this friend named(pause) joey joe joe junior (pause) schabadoo
(calling after him) hey joey joe joe#oh what the hell it is me i am attracted to another woman what am i going to do ?
(reciting) "your infatuation is based on a physical attraction talk to the woman and you will realize you have nothing in common"#barney that is so insightful how did you come up with that ?
int power plant  employee lounge  the next morning)#uh so let's have a conversation (slyly) uh i think we will find we have very little in common
(mouth full) can not talk eating#hey my favorite raspberry swirl with a double glaze
double glaze (gurgling sound)#(moans) okay so we have one thing in common (slyly) but you know what i hate ? drinking beer and watching tv
not me that is my idea of heaven#(meekly) me too
really ? i can see i am gonna love working with you well gotta go (whispers conspiratorially) i wanna sneak in a quick nap before lunch#(bites his hand) foul temptress i will bet she thinks ziggy's gotten too preachy too
(bites his hand) foul temptress i will bet she thinks ziggy's gotten too preachy too#(relieved) i made it the whole day without seeing her again
int elevator)#(screams) i mean hello
i guess we will be going down together i mean getting off together (nervously) i mean#that is okay i will just push the button for the stimulator i mean elevator
that is okay i will just push the button for the stimulator i mean elevator#(shudders) that is unsexy
(shudders) that is unsexy#ew
(softly) think unsexy thoughts think unsexy thoughts#well this is my floor
well this is my floor#arr  see ya tomorrow
int simpson house  continuous)#(cheery) ah home to my loving family what more can a man ask for ?
(sneezes) hi hober dote kiss be i'b all stuffed up#uhhh
hi dad#hi son howya ewww
dad look i made fish sticks they are burned on the outside but they are frozen on the inside so it balances out#yeah good
(whining) that raccoon stole my lamb chop#let's have a little quality time together just you and me
(still stuffed up) oh that is sweet guess what there is a new place at the mall  they will put your picture on a tshirt i got two dollars off because mine got smeared#(brightly) hey we have not watched tv in awhile
int phone booth  later)#hello hotline ? i am very tempted by another woman
homer simpson that is a dilly of a pickle hey let's conference you with marge huh ?#nooo
nooo#who are you ?
homer i am your guardian angel i have assumed the form of someone you would recognize and revere  sir isaac newton#sir isawho ?
oh very well#(gasp) (worshipfully) col klink did you ever get my letters ?
i am not actually col klink i am just assuming his form#hee hee hee hee did you know hogan had tunnels all over your camp ?
ext sky)#ooh i would live in a big mansion ?
(as they volley) i am so happy darling#(upperclass) i as well are you happy jeeves ?
(dryly) yes sir quite#then we are all happy
sure life is good for you but what about marge ?#(gasps) marge lives here ?
(panicked) this dream is over#(doppler scream)
int simpson house  master bedroom  morning)#(singing to the tune of "mandy") oh mindy you came and you gave without flaking but i sent you bengay oh andy you kissed me and stopped me from something and i
(singing to the tune of "mandy") oh mindy you came and you gave without flaking but i sent you bengay oh andy you kissed me and stopped me from something and i#uh oh
dad why are you singing ?#um because i have a small role in a broadway musical it is not much but it is a start
are you hiding something from me ?#like what ?
judging from your song you are infatuated with a woman named mindy or a man named andy#lisa look out behind you
dad i am not gonna fall for that#no lisa i swear to you i am onehundred percent completely serious you have got to turn around right now before it is too late
huh ?#sucker
int power plant  hallway  the same time)#(reading aloud) mindy because of our uncontrollable attraction i think we should avoid each other from now on
hi homer#(startled) mindy
(startled) mindy#oh no i am sweating like roger ebert
oh no i am sweating like roger ebert#(reading) uh murphy you are elf a controllably i think a we nam myorengekyo
come on i will get you the tickets#oh this is the worst crisis my marriage has ever faced colonel klink why have you forsaken me ?
what is it ? do you have a question ?#heh heh heh did you know kinch had a radio in the coffee pot ?
tv's there bathroom's there and there is your king sized bed for#stop that i love my wife and family all i am gonna use this bed for is sleeping eating and maybe building a little fort that is it
int homer's bathroom  moments later)#(awed gasp) free mouthwash free shampoo free shower curtain
free shower curtain#mindy ?
wow if it weren't for this wall we'd be sleeping in the same bed#yeah uh walls are a necessity in today's society heh heh
(devilish) homer i got a really wicked idea that could get us into a lot of trouble#oh mindy we have to fight our temptation
no homer let's do it let's call room service#(aroused) oh
(mouth full) i can not believe we ordered so much#oh (looking around) something's missing ooh one of the turkeys fell behind the bed
oh (looking around) something's missing ooh one of the turkeys fell behind the bed#mmmm foot long chili dog
(repeated murmur)#(screams) it is a sign
no more chernobyls#go to hell
go to hell#(confessing) heh you know i was a little worried about coming to this convention with you but i think as long as we are not alone together
and now the moment you have been waiting for this year's king and queen of energy are homer simpson and mindy simmons#huh ?
homer mindy you have just won a romantic dinner alone at madame chao's the sexiest chinese restaurant in capital city#is there any way to get out of this ?
(sigh) what a perfect evening it was sure nice of them to make us cheeseburgers#oh yeah
int homer's hotel room)#(very depressed) well i guess you will want to come in
okay#(mocking) okay
this was a really nice night homer#(sourly) yeah yeah
what is wrong ?#oh yeah like you do not know (whiny) we are gonna have sex
oh well we do not have to#yes we do the cookie told me so
well desserts are not always right#(sadly) but they are so sweet
homer you do not have to do anything you do not want to#well maybe i want to but then i think about marge and the kids (beat) well not the boy he drives me nuts sometimes i'd just like to
int homer's hotel room)#( la barry white) oh baby
hey there is a turkey behind the bed#mmmm (beat) marge
(giggles)#(singing) oh margie you came and you found me a turkey on my vacation away from workey
int nuclear power plant  men's room)#hey there is something you do not see in a toilet every day
hey there is something you do not see in a toilet every day#anybody lose their glasses ? (beat) last chance (beat) woo hoo
anybody lose their glasses ? (beat) last chance (beat) woo hoo#the sum of the square roots of any two sides of an isosceles triangle is equal to the square root of the remaining sides
that is a right triangle you idiot#(annoyed grunt)
dad you should not wear glasses that weren't prescribed for you#lisa just because you are ten feet tall does not mean you can tell me what to do
this could be a whole new beginning for springfield#and you know what the best part is ? we have really done something for the children
dad what do you think ?#shhh i am trying to teach the baby to gamble
why ?#i got a job at burns' casino as you know it is been my lifelong dream to become a blackjack dealer
int gong show  stage)#we got more gongs than the breakdancing robot that caught on fire
hey i said bug off#(counting up his hand) uh let's see 18 27 35 dealer busts looks like you all win again
(foghorn leghorn voice) yee ha homer i want you to have my lucky hat i wore it the day kennedy was shot and it allllways brings me good luck#why thanks senator (looks at watch) oop looks like my shift is over
hi homie#hey marge after your big tantrum against legalized gambling i bet it feels pretty weird to be in a casino
i was for the casino#strike three marge i remember that meeting and i have a photographic memory
for you it is the president#y'ello ?
y'ello ?#and then i said to the president get this (looking around) marge ? marge ?
int mr burns' casino  high roller blackjack)#twenty one ? do that cardcounting thing again come on do it again
definitely have to leave the table#no please please please please please
gotta watch wapner leave the table yeah leave the table#no
ewww#(touched) marge you waited for me
(gruff murmur)#okay marge let's go
(terse) i will catch up to you#marge i am taking the car
i will walk#this late ? through the bad neighborhood ?
yeah#marge
(snapping) go home you are bad luck#wait i see what is happening here you are just mad because everyone in this town loves gambling except for you well that is just sad
there is nothing to eat for breakfast#you have gotta improvise lisa (holds up each item) cloves tom collins mix frozen pie crust
maybe mom just does not realize we miss her we could go down to the casino and let her know#ah come on lisa there is no reason to (takes a bite and freezes)let's go see mom
int burn's casino  slot machines)#marge we need to talk you are spending too much time at the casino and i think you may have a problem
i won sixty dollars last night#woo hoo problem solved (grabs money)
mommm#(waking up) huh ? wuh ? lisa ? what is up ?
i just had a bad dream#aw sure you just lie down and tell me all about it
well i know it is absurd but i dreamed the boogeyman was after me and he is hiding#(scream) boogeyman ? you nail the windows shut i will get the gun
(scream) boogeyman ? you nail the windows shut i will get the gun#(trembling) bart i do not want to alarm you but there may be a boogeyman or boogeymen in the house
what happened here ?#(sarcastic) oh nothing marge just a little incident involving the boogeyman of course none of this would've happened if you would been here to keep me from acting stupid
thanks mom#aw just like on tv
dad mom said she'd be home to help me with my costume and she is not and the geography pageant is tonight#lisa your mom still loves you it is just that she has a career now she is a slot jockey
but dad if i do not show up in a rubber suit shaped like the state of florida i will be the laughing stock of the whole school#(sighs) it is always something is not it ? first i have to drive your pregnant mother to the hospital so she can give birth to you and now this
(sighs) it is always something is not it ? first i have to drive your pregnant mother to the hospital so she can give birth to you and now this#owowowow
owowowow#(quickly) ow ow ow ow ow (continues)
dad#(laughs stops welding) oh yeah the costume
(laughs stops welding) oh yeah the costume#hello floreeda
(gasp) i am not a state i am a monster (bursts into tears)#(genuinely upset) no lisa the only monster here is the gambling monster that has enslaved your mother i call him gamblor and it is time to snatch your mother from his neon claws
int mr burns' casino  main room  a few minutes later)#(shouting) marge where are you ? damn this casino damn this casino
(cheers)#(into phone) can not talk now
i said hop in#(loud incoherent babble)
homer what is it ? slow down#(slow incoherent babble)
think before you say each word#(pointing accusingly) you broke a promise to your child
what ?#you promised lisa to help her with her costume you made her cry then i cried then maggie laughed she is such a little trooper
(gasp) lisa's costume (sigh) homer i did not realize i am so sorry#marge i want you to admit you have a gambling problem
you know you are right homer maybe i should get some professional help#no no that is too expensive just do not do it anymore
int mr burns' casino  grand foyer)#(absently) can not talk robbed go hell
(absently) can not talk robbed go hell#you know marge for the first time in our marriage i can finally look down my nose at you (savoring) you have a gambling problem
that is true will you forgive me ?#oh sure remember when i got caught stealing all those watches from sears ?
(murmur)#well that is nothing because you have a gambling problem and remember when i let that escaped lunatic in the house 'cause he was dressed like santa claus ?
(murmur)#well you have a gambling problem
homer when you forgive someone you can not throw it back at them like that#aw what a gyp
(murmur)#and remember when i
homer#oh yeah i forgot already
(shaking him) wake up dad wake up there was a burglar and he took my saxophone#woo hoo
and our portable tv#(annoyed grunt)
and my necklace#eh that is no big loss
homer that necklace was a priceless bouvier family heirloom#(snorts) oh you have probably got a whole drawer full of 'em
(moans) bart's pain is funny but mine is not that saxophone was my one creative outlet it was the only way i could truly express myself#shhh quiet lisa
homer tell your child what you bought when i sent you to town to get some insurance#(bitter) curse you magic beans
(tired of it) oh stop blaming the beans#(into phone) hello police ? are you sitting down ? good i wish to report a robbery
ow my jugular (beat then more strucling) any questions ?#(beat) let me check my reason list
(beat) let me check my reason list#yep it is on here
int simpson house)#alright these are our new family security rules be home before dark and make sure you are not followed lock all doors and windows
and do not take candy from strangers#marge they are only human
what is the point of all these precautions ? i have already lost the only thing that matters to me#oh lisa stop pining for your saxophone i got you another instrument
what this jug ?#lisa never ever stop in the middle of a hoedown
(choking back tears)#(realizing) aw honey i did not realize how much that horn meant to you (making a vow) do not worry daddy's gonna get it back i do not know how but i will figure out something
thank you#you know lisa music helps daddy think
hey you are that drunken posse wow can i join you ?#i dunno can you swing a sack of door knobs ?
yeah someone else someone else someone else#i am someone else
he is right#(interrupting) we do not need a thinker we need a doer someone who'll act without considering the consequences
i will join i am filled with piss and vinegar at first i was just filled with vinegar#(considers him briefly) sorry dad you are too old
and a fine job ye did too#(kindly) aw dad you have done a lot of great things but you are a very old man now and old people are useless (tickling him) are not they ? are not they ? huh ? yes they are yes they are
i do not think the guns are a good idea homer#marge we are responsible adults and
oops# and if a group of responsible adults can not handle firearms in a responsible way
int moe's)#okay we have got the secret vigilante handshake now we need code names i will be "cueball" skinner can be "eightball" barney will be "twelveball" and moe you can be "cueball"
so wedding huh ?#no we are forming a vigilante group
radiant cool crazy nightmare zen new jersey nowhere#put this in your pipe and smoke it
how now brown bureaucrats#(texan style) woo hoo woo hoo hoo hoo
(texan style) woo hoo woo hoo hoo hoo#woo hoo hoo take that maynard g krebs
(pointedly) hey see this sign ?#(small voice) sorry
(small voice) sorry#(dramatically) okay men it is time to clean up this town
meaning what exactly ?#you know push people around make ourselves feel big
you know push people around make ourselves feel big#bart give me that megaphone of yours
it is not just a megaphone dad it is a rapmaster 2000#never mind the commercials just give it to me i have got to whip this neighborhood into shape
never mind the commercials just give it to me i have got to whip this neighborhood into shape#(through megaphone) move along there
(awestruck) it is hammer#(through megaphone) return to your homes and places of businesses
(through megaphone) return to your homes and places of businesses#hey you where'd you get that saxophone ?
(innocently) sears#get him
ext suburban home)#no burning leaves without a permit
i got one#too late
too late#you better have a good reason for doing that boy
it makes me feel like a big man#you are in here's the sack
int simpson house  dining room  evening)#so i said to him "look buddy your car was upside down when we got here and as for your grandma she should not have mouthed off like that"
(interrupting) dad do not you see you are abusing your power like all vigilantes ? i mean if you are the police who will police the police ?#i 'unno coast guard ?
and i still do not have my saxophone#lisa the mob is working on getting your saxophone back but we have also expanded into other important areas
lisa the mob is working on getting your saxophone back but we have also expanded into other important areas#(reading) literacy programs preserving our beloved covered bridges world domination
world domination ?#oh that might be a typo
mr simpson how do you respond to the charge that petty vandalism such as graffiti is down 80 percent while heavy sack beatings are up a shocking 900 percent ?#aw people can come up with statistics to prove anything kent forty percent of all people know that
i see well what do you say to the accusation that your group has been causing more crimes than it is been preventing ?#oh kent i'd be lying if i said my men weren't committing crimes (long pause)
hello kent hello homer my arch nemesis#y'ello
uh you do realize who this is#uh marge ?
no homer i am not your wife although i do enjoy her pearls as a matter of fact i am holding them right now listen#why you monster and you have my daughter's saxophone too
homer that is our stage manager#(embarrassed) oh sorry i am a little nervous
it may interest you to know that for my next crime i will be pinching the pride and joy of the springfield museum the world's largest cubic zirconia#listen mr cat burglar i vow to go without sleep and guard the springfield museum day and night for as long as it takes from now on (considering) unless you want to taunt me more by giving me an approximate time
listen mr cat burglar i vow to go without sleep and guard the springfield museum day and night for as long as it takes from now on (considering) unless you want to taunt me more by giving me an approximate time#( la merv) we will be right back
son we wanna help you catch that pluguglyyegg#(condescending) dad the best way for you to help is to set a good example just stand around and do not steal anything
(condescending) dad the best way for you to help is to set a good example just stand around and do not steal anything#hey
any sign of the burglar yet ?#(small smile) he will show
how is that ?#it is his job
(beat) how is that ?#he is a burglar
he is a burglar#well mr cat burglar you would like to get in here would not you ? there is just one little problem thirtysix years ago some lady gave birth to a man named homer j sim (spotting something) oh my god underage kids drinking beer without a permit
int simpson home)#asleep at the switch i wasn't asleep i was drunk
(tenderly) i believe you dad#well no matter what the paper says i still have a job to do
you let me down man now i do not believe in nothing no more i am going to law school#nooooo
dad maybe this will cheer you up#(moans) oh this does not work any more
(moans) oh this does not work any more#(quickly) i did not say stop
i could not quite put my finger on it there was something strange about the way he walked much more vertical than usual and finally molloy unlike most retired people has the world's largest cubic zirconia on his coffee table#aw dad i could kiss you
ext simpson house)#no wait i know where the burglar is
what an eyesore#(smoothly) so mr molloy it seems that the cat has been caught by the very person that was trying to catch him
homer old chum well done if anyone was going to catch me i am glad it was you#actually it wasn't me it was my dad grampa
int police station)#(singsong) i caught the cat burglar i caught the cat burglar that means you you are the cat burglar
(shifty) i suppose you are wondering where i hid all the millions of dollars i stole over the years#shut up
it is buried right here in springfield under a big t#(very casual) no kidding
(very casual) big t huh ?#well i guess i will be going to my home now and sleep
ext downtown springfield)#(frantic) lemme through i gotta find a big t there is millions of dollars buried under a big t
(disappointed) it is just a piece of paper#(excited) it is mine
(excited) it is mine#(reading) "frightfully sorry but there is no hidden treasure i have already used this time to escape from your jail fondest wishes" oh i can not make out this signature
uh how're we gonna get outta here ?#(triumphantly) we will dig our way out (grunting noises)
int simpsons kitchen  morning)#ahh the morning horoscope (reading) "today will be a day like every other day" (sad moan) it just gets worse and worse
(suspiciously) why are you so happy ?#yeah you kids gotta go to school i gotta go to work the only one who has it easy is marge
int box factory)#buzz off giuseppe
ext power plant  establishing)#just a minute do not hang up (picks up the phone) y'ello you will have to speak up i am wearing a towel
int box factory)#what do you mean you lost him ? he might have fallen into one of these machines
what do you mean you lost him ? he might have fallen into one of these machines#oh my god that is his lucky red hat
oh my god that is his lucky red hat#(sobbing) he is a box my boy's a box damn you a boooxxx
int simpson house  living room)#marge i have some horrible bone chilling news
hi homer#(embarrassed) oh nothing
i have got a weekend job helping the poor and i am only eight#(snorts) that is not a job it is a waste of time what can poor people pay ya ? nothin' what satisfaction do you get from helping 'em ? none who wants to help poor people anyway ? nobody
well#why not ? i remember my first afterschool job i was in a band
ext street corner)#(singtalking) hello everybody i am archie bell and i am also the drells (indicating body) we got a new song called 'tighten up' and this is the music you tighten up with
hey pepe go for the face#(to bart) yes son you can have an electric guitar just like your old man
dad i am asking if i can get a job#(correcting him) gig son when you are a musician a job is called a gig
that is for taking credit for other people's work#it is okay son who cares what a bunch of fourth graders think ? you are doing what you want to do with your life nothing else matters
(impressed) thanks dad that is great advice#yep well that is what got me where i am today
(despondent moan)#(comforting patting) there there
but inside it is mostly about ross perot and the last two chapters are excerpts from the oliver north trial#ah oliver north he was just poured into that uniform
int simpson house)#come on lisa say something funny
like what ?#oh something stupid like bart would say bucka bucka or woozle wozzle something like that
(hurt) obnoxious fad ?#(comforting) aw do not worry son they said the same thing about urkel that little snot boy i'd like to smack that kid
(comforting) aw do not worry son they said the same thing about urkel that little snot boy i'd like to smack that kid#(makes a face) what the hell are you readin' books for ?
i am doing the conan o'brien show and i wanna have some intelligent stuff to talk about#(chewing) do not forget to say "i did not do it"
dad there is more to me than just a catchphrase#how do you figure boy ?
watch the conan o'brien show you will see#all right but after leno i am all laughed out you know
(yells in pain) one at a time no teamsters#(impressed) that dog can sell anything
and now you can go back to just being you instead of a onedimensional character with a silly catchphrase#(annoyed grunt)
if anyone wants me i will be in my room#what kind of catchphrase is that ?
well this time i have gone too far no no one will fall for#woo hoo cheap meat
woo hoo cheap meat#oooh this one's open (eating noises)
int simpson's home  living room  later)#oh stomach churning (takes another bite) bowels clenching not much time must finish
int kwikemart  next day)#your old meat made me sick
i am so sorry please accept five pounds of frozen shrimp#this shrimp is not frozen and it smells funny
okay ten pounds#woo hoo
"geezers in freezers" it turns out the rest home was adequately heated the footage you saw was of a fur storage facility we have also been told to apologize for using the term "geezers" (beat turns toward another camera) now coming up next "the case of the cantankerous old geezer"#ooh rancid meat attack stupid parasites is there no way i can find justice ?
if you have a consumer complaint just call this number#boring
dad are you listening to me ?#shhhh lisa the dog is barking
all right are you willing to go undercover to nail this creep ?#no way man no way man get yourself another patsy man no way am i wearing a freakin' wire
all right all right all right would you be willing to wear a hidden camera and microphone ?#oh that i will wear
int kwikemart  continuous)#do not be alarmed apu just go about your daily routine like i am not wearing the hat
(pointing) your headgear seems to be emitting a buzzing noise sir perhaps you have a bee in your bonnet#bee ? aah
hot diggity dog we have got him mr simpson now lets  (looking around) mr simpson ?#one hot dog please
yo check this out black guys drive a car like this (humming mimes cool driving) yeah but white guys see they drive a car like this (humming mimes nerdy driving)#(laughing) it is true it is true we are so lame
(decisively) it is time to settle the score#(long scream)
ext simpsons home  night  continuous)#no do not kill me i did not know there was film in that camera in that hat (hysterical) i was unaware i was unawaaare
mr simpson you misunderstand me in my village this is the traditional pose of apology#(suddenly calm) oh
(dropping pose) you know now that i think about it it may be a little confusing many have died needlessly i have come to make amends at first i blamed you for squealing but then i realized it was i who wronged you so i have come to work off my debt i am at your service#(confused) you are selling what now ?
i am selling only the concept of karmic realignment#you can not sell that karma can only be portioned out by the cosmos
int simpsons house  later)#is he still out there ?
yes he is raking leaves#(incredulous) what ? that is your job (angry) if he starts doing lisa's wood chopping
if he wants to make it up to you so badly i think you should let him#okay okay i will let him but then i get a chipwich okay ?
(panting) i can see through time#stop being such babies you can not be afraid to try new things for instance tonight i am using a apu what do you call this thing again ?
a napkin#(laughs) outrageous
(holding towel) good morning sir#(screams)
relax please you do not have anything i have not seen before (then noticing something) what the ?#(beat) uh i like to keep a lollipop there
int simpsons  kitchen  next night)#pass the chutney
and he taught me how to play the shenai#(irritated under his breath) that is even worse than the album grampa released
thank you all for the kind praise#well you deserve it all these vegetables are really clearing the cholesterol out of the old heart
well you deserve it all these vegetables are really clearing the cholesterol out of the old heart#ub apu friend me good
(singing) maggie with her eyes so bright / marge with hair by frank lloyd wright / lisa can philosophize / bart's adept at spinning lies / homer's a delightful fella / sorry 'bout the salmonella#(chuckles) that is okay
(sings) let's hurl a brickymart#(sings) that kwikemart's a real (annoyed grunt)
(singing) not me#(sighs) everything really wrapped up nicely (checks watch) much quicker than usual
i guess we have learned that happiness is wherever you find it#and we have all found happiness every one of us (dusts his hands)
and we have all found happiness every one of us (dusts his hands)#hey what is that sound ?
(sad slow reprise of song) who needs the kwikemart ? (beat) (sadly) i do#hey he is not happy at all he lied to us through song i hate when people do that
i must go to the head office and appeal my case#i am coming with you i got you fired it is the least i can do well the least i can do is absolutely nothing but i will go you one better and come along
but sir the head office is in india#okay
dad that is over ten thousand miles away#i am aware of that
that is over sixteen thousand kilometers#(annoyed grunt)
ext himalayas  establishing)#are we in india yet ?
no#are we in india yet ?
no#are we in india yet ?
no#are we in india yet ?
(gasps) there she is there she is the world's first convenience store#this is not very convenient
that is great because all i need is one#(interrupting) are you really the head of the kwikemart ?
yes#really ?
yes#you ?
thank you come again#well that was a big bust is he really the head of the kwikemart ?
well that was a big bust is he really the head of the kwikemart ?#no need to apologize apu it was as much my fault as it was yours (beat)
no need to apologize apu it was as much my fault as it was yours (beat)#okay apu i accept your apology
how did it go ?#fine oh i mean not good
(interrupting) do you mind ? i am not in the mood#apu if it will make you feel any better i have learned that life is one crushing defeat after another until you just wish flanders was dead
(eyes darting) yes yes a movie yes#hey let's all hug apu
(hugging) awww#hey there is still time let's hug him again
and to my son homer#woo hoo
and his entire family#(annoyed grunt)
ya see back in those days rich men would ride around in zeppelins dropping coins on people and one day i seen jd rockefeller flyin' by so i run out of the house with a big washtub and where're you goin' ?#dad we'd love to stay here and listen to your amusing antidotes but we have to take these coins to the mall and spend them
int kids town usa  baby toy section)#look maggie it is sgt thug's mountaintop command post complete with deathbringer missiles that really launch
(annoyed murmur) that toy is not safe for a baby like maggie#ah come on marge you are way too
all right come on pops soldiers will not bother you anymore#(playing) one two three o'clock four o'clock rock five six seven o'clock eight o'clock rock
(playing) one two three o'clock four o'clock rock five six seven o'clock eight o'clock rock#rock rock rock rocka rock rock rockarockrock (etc)
rock rock rock rocka rock rock rockarockrock (etc)#(big finish) we are gonna rock gonna rock around the clock tonighhhttt
boo#(yelling over feedback) thank you thank you very much
hm i do not know if it is a good idea to do that while you are driving#marge that is what i bought it for
why are you people avoiding me ? does my withered face remind you of the grim specter of death ?#yes but there is more
yes but there is more#dad i love you but you are a weird soreheaded old crank and nobody likes ya
yeah you made us march in that gay rights parade#(bitter) and we can not watch fox 'cause they own those chemical weapons plants in syria
it is rotten being old no one listens to ya#(chipper) i am a white male aged eighteen to fortynine everyone listens to me no matter how dumb my suggestions are
(hesitant noise)#how about me ?
dad did you hear something ?#i'unno
oh nothing kudos to you lisa kudos#(excited gasp) marge lisa lady  if you will excuse me i have got something very important to attend to
skeleton greeting) hey homer#hey
except forrrrr#hello well today's the day for homer j i know i am gonna win this time
yeah how come ?#(very cocky) union rule twentysix  (reading) "every employee must win worker of the week at least once regardless of gross incompetence obesity or rank odor" (chuckle)
(adlibbing)#inanimate huh ? i will show him inanimate (furious growls)
int simpsons house  night)#stupid carbon rod it is all just a popularity contest
i am sorry homie#nobody respects me at work
bart i told you do not draw on your father's skull#what what does it say ? i want to see
int simpson house  living room  afternoon)#ah tv respects me it laughs with me not at me
(laughing) stupid#(annoyed grunt)
unbelievable and just imagine the logistics of weightlessness and of course this could have literally millions of applications here on earth in everything from watch making to watch repair#boring
boring#(panicked) no the batteries
and we laugh legitimately there is a mathematician a different kind of mathematician and a statistician#make it stop
oh no not another boring space launch change the channel change the channel#i can not i can not
god i wish there was an easier way#hello is this nasa ?
yes#good (angrily) listen i am sick of your boring space launches now i am just an ordinary blue collar slob but i know what i likes on tv
how did you get this number ?#shut up and another thing  how come i can not get no tang 'round here ? and also hold on a second
ext moe's bar  night)#hello is this president clinton ? good i figured if anyone knew where to get some tang it'd be you shut up
are you the person that called nasa yesterday ?#(gasp) no it wasn't me i swear it was him
well welcome aboard i think you will find that this will win you the respect of your family and friends#(gasp) respect ? nooo it was me i made the crank call i do it all the time check with the fbi i have a file i have a fiiiiile
do not you think there is an inherent danger in sending underqualified civilians into space ?#i will field this one the only danger is if they send us to that terrible planet of the apes (thinks) wait a minute statue of liberty that was our planet (wailing) you maniacs you blew it up damn you damn you all to hell
(dodging chips) careful they are ruffled#i will take care of this
i will take care of this#and may the best man win (to babcock) he is got a big drinking problem  could embarrass the program meet me up in that tree later and i will tell you more
no not that far from shame#(hopeful) less shame ?
you know homer when i found out about this i went through a wide range of emotions first i was nervous then anxious then wary then apprehensive then kinda sleepy then worried and then concerned but now i realize that being a spaceman is something you have to do#(not listening) who is doin' what now ?
int nasa training facility)#well here i am right on time i do not see barney "let'scrashtherocketintothewhitehouseandkillthepresident" gumbel
(as he flips) i am the very model of a modern major general / i have information vegetable animal and mineral#(to dr babcock desperately) aw that is nothin' watch this (as he begins running) there once was a man from nantucket (unsteady noise)
(to dr babcock desperately) aw that is nothin' watch this (as he begins running) there once was a man from nantucket (unsteady noise)#( la popeye) i can not stands no more
( la popeye) i can not stands no more#mmmmm mediciney
so barney we hear you are kickin' ass#ahem i uh do not think this contest is over yet buzz if that is your real name i believe there is still a little something called the swimsuit competition
there is no swimsuit competition homer#you mean i shaved my bikini zone for nothing ?
gentlemen you have both worked very hard and in a way you are both winners but in another more accurate way barney is the winner#(heartfelt) congratulations barney
(sighs) well homer i guess you are the winner by default#default ? (jubilant) woo hoo the two sweetest words in the english language (chanting and dancing) default default de
int nasa corridor  continuous)#(low slomo voice) nooooo
ext gas station)#marge i do not really want to go through with this but being an astronaut is how i got you to respect me
(mildly annoyed) homer you already dialed#oh (whiny)
but on the other hand when you do not take advantage of an opportunity you can end up regretting it for the rest of your life#(scream) ants
(upset squeaking)#you are right marge just like the time i could've met mr t at the mall the entire day i kept saying i will go a little later i will go a little later' and then when i got there they told me he just left and when i asked the mall guy if he would ever come back again (sad) he said he did not know well i am never gonna let something like that happen again i am going into space right now
mission control this is corvair launch sequence initiated all systems go#are we there yet ? i am thirsty
int spacecraft  continuous)#(nixon jowly quavering sound)
ext space)#it is beautiful it is the most awe inspiring sight i have ever seen
int spaceship  continuous)# giver of life mother of us all
 giver of life mother of us all#(to buzz and race) hey guys look what i smuggled aboard
some good news gentlemen we have quite a treat for ya we have been able to coax superstar james taylor in here at mission control to wish you well and play a little of his own brand of laid back adult contemporary music#wow former president james taylor
three two one make hatch blownow#and that is that
and that is that#no
with that hatch open we will burn up on reentry that is it if i go i am taking you to hell with me#(desperately) wait a minute race wait a minute waitahha now i will bust that pretty face of yours
(desperately) wait a minute race wait a minute waitahha now i will bust that pretty face of yours#(struggling) stupid bar
wait homer if that bar holds we just might make it back to earth#(thinks) i will bash you good
int spacecraft  continuous)#(singing) oh those golden grahams/ oh those golden grahams/ crispy crunchy graham cereal brand new breakfast treat
(disappointed) aww they were just about to show some closeups of the rod#(depressed) stupid rod i got gypped
yeah dad how many people have seen the ice caps and the deserts all at once or the majesty of the northern lights from one hundred miles above ?#yeah maybe i do have the right (searching for the word) what is that stuff ? (beat) anyway thanks marge lisa
int simpson house  living room)#(proudly) see because of me now they have a warning
(slyly) hey dad sell you these for fifty bucks#woo hoo sold
(wearily) those are not tickets to the game homer#what do you mean ? it says right here (reading) "free wig with every purchase of large wig downtown wig center" (angry) why you little (musing) hmmm free wig
(reading) "free wig with every purchase of large wig downtown wig center" (angry) why you little (musing) hmmm free wig#(marge voice) i love you homey (marge murmur) (then homer voice) heh heh heh i do not need her at all anymore
ext stadium box office)#hehhehheh i did it second in line and all i had to do was miss eight days of work
(quickly) with the money you would have made working you could've bought tickets from a scalper#in theory yes jerk
that was bobby mcferrin's new one "i am worried need money" okay if you want two tickets to the big pigskin classic (laugh) just get to a phone and be our thirteenth caller#get tickets must get tickets find phone yes
get tickets must get tickets find phone yes#oh stupid sheep
oh stupid sheep#(re tires four annoyed grunts)
ned flanders#(groans) not flanders anybody but flanders
(singing) i have got two tickets to paradise / will not you pack your bags to leave tonight /#i have got two tickets to paradise / i have got two tickets to paradise
i have got two tickets to paradise / i have got two tickets to paradise#excellent guitar riff
ext simpson house  establishing  day)#why am i such a loser ? why ?
what is so special about this game anyway ? it is just another chapter in the pointless rivalry between springfield and shelbyville they built a mini mall so we built a bigger mini mall they made the world's largest pizza so we burnt down their city hall#heh heh heh yeah they swore they'd get us back by spiking our water supply but they did not have the guts
oooh the walls are melting again (giggle)#god if you really are god you will get me tickets to that game
(holding up tickets) hidilly ho neighbor wanna go to the game with me ? i got two tic#why do you mock me oh lord ?
homer that is not god that is just a waffle that bart tossed up there#i know i should not eat thee but (takes a bite) mmmm sacrilicious
homer#huh ?
are you planning to hit ned flanders with that pipe and take his tickets ?#y (lying) no
y (lying) no#flanders i decided i'd like to go to the game with you
well get out the crayolas and color me tickled pink oh what is with the lead pipe ? were you gonna give my noggin a floggin' ?#(sheepish) well yeah
ext parking lot  day)#(gasps) duck i can not let the boys see me with you
what ?#hi
wow these are amazing seats huh homer ?#yeah
yeah#hey everybody here comes fun
hey everybody here comes fun#heh heh ow
(annoyed) what the hell happened to my dogs ? i want answers#well i guess i should pay my share
relax homer i keep tellin' ya you are my guest#(excited) ooh you brought me a nacho hat thanks ned
(excited) ooh you brought me a nacho hat thanks ned#(singing as he eats) nacho nacho man / i want to be a nacho man
(singing as he eats) nacho nacho man / i want to be a nacho man#if anyone can pull it off it is stan "the boy" taylor
(chanting) stan stan he is our boy if he can not do it no one will#we won we won flanders we won
(uncomfortable) hehheh yeah#(taunting) losers losers kiss my big springfield behind shelbyville
(taunting) losers losers kiss my big springfield behind shelbyville#(laughs then taunting) i am invincible invincible
(laughs then taunting) i am invincible invincible#ow
ext locker room exit  day  continuous)#hey somebody sign an autograph please somebody ? sign an autograph hey would you sign (nasty) you fat stupid jerks
hey somebody sign an autograph please somebody ? sign an autograph hey would you sign (nasty) you fat stupid jerks#(cowardly) it was him
hidilly ho stanster#you know stan taylor ?
know me ? ned flanders saved me i used to party all night and sleep with lingerie models until ned and his bible group showed me that i could have more#(sotto disgusted) professional athletes always wantin' more
sure (hands homer the ball) anything for neddie here you go#wow thanks now i have four children (to ball) you will be called "stitchface" wow flanders this is about the nicest thing anyone's ever done for me
ooo i guess it is time for me to duck again#(stopping him) no i want everyone to know that (sticks his head out window) this is ned flanders my friend
(annoyed) homer that is our wedding photo#marge quit livin' in the past
heydilly ho window buddy just wonderin' if you would like to come over and give the new pool table a whirl#i will be there and this time you can be the nacho man
uh be careful there homer that is sort of a new table (nervous chuckle)#watch this ned they do not call me springfield fats just because i am morbidly obese
watch this ned they do not call me springfield fats just because i am morbidly obese#now you got a law suit on your hands just kidding
that is all well and good for sheep but what are we to do ?#boring let's watch something else
now boys mr simpson is the guest he gets to decide what to watch#yeah
yeah#hey what gives ? i thought you had a satellite dish
good night daddy good night uncle homer#(a little touched) aw uncle homer ned since you have let me spend time with your family i want you to get to know my family (puts arm around ned)
int moe's tavern  a little later)#hey everyone
(uninterested mumbles)#i'd like to introduce ned flanders my best friend
honey i am so glad you are home#can not talk see flanders later sex
(praying) bless the grocer for this wonderful meat the middlemen who jacked up the price and let's not forget the humane but determined boys over at the slaughter house#hiya flanders oooh dinner may i join you ?
(not meaning it) homer ii'd love to chittychat but tonight's the night i do my charity work#oh yeah a judge made me do that once too stupid lack of public urinals hey just so you do not have to suffer alone i am comin' with ya
oh you poor unfortunate man let's get you out of those clothes immediately and we will do whatever we can about the smell#but (cheerfully) all right
but (cheerfully) all right#(impatiently checks watch) c'mon we have been here for fifteen minutes can not you see they are sucking the life out of us ?
homer maybe you would have had more fun at moe's tonight#ah for some reason moe's is always closed on wednesdays
(reading to men) and then they realized they were no longer little girls they were little women (sniffle)#(very impatient) come on come on just give 'em the slop and lets get out of here oh i can do it faster that that
homey i am very proud of you but do not you think you are spending too much time with ned ? your family needs you too#oh of course you would say something like that marge you have hated ned for years in fact you wanted to bash his head in with a pipe
that was you#love marge do not hate love
(with great difficulty) sometimes to keep from hurting someone's feelings we have to say things that are not exactly#the flanderses are not geeks (then quickly) okay rod and todd are and the wife has a thing for me but she hides it behind a mask of low key hostility but we have got to give this thing a chance i want the two families to take a trip together this weekend
no way jos #yes way
int flanders' station wagon day)#do not worry i brought my rappin' ronnie reagan tape it always makes the trip go faster
well\well\wellwwwwell\well\well#(laughing) ha ha you know something he did say 'well' a lot
ext boat launch)#more no no keep comin' (mouth full) more more right there let her go
more no no keep comin' (mouth full) more more right there let her go#(excited) okay let's go boating
how are my boys doin' homer ?#they are fine
lies made baby jesus cry#i'd like to propose a toast to the coming together of the simpsons and the flanders if this were a more perfect world we'd all be known as the flimpsons
i'd like to propose a toast to the coming together of the simpsons and the flanders if this were a more perfect world we'd all be known as the flimpsons#so here's to my best friend ned
(raising glass) eh well sir my entire family is very touched and#food fight
ext parking lot  later)#whatcha doin' ?
we are headin' back todd's got zesty italian in his eye#(disappointed) okay but at least let me take the boat out for one last spin
oh i do not know#too late
oh lord please give me the strength to endure homer simpson's friendship#humph your car boy what are the odds huh ? (chuckles)
int simpson bedroom)#marge i think i hate ted koppel (beat) no wait i find him informative and witty 'nite
oh almost boy that was close#hey what is up for today neddie ?
ah uh homer we are gonna visit the boys' grandmother family only you know ?#right no reporters
no ii mean just the flanders family#(slightly puzzled) ookay
int basement tv monitor room)#(yelling) neddie neddie let's get in a quick nine down at the pitch and putt
(yelling) neddie neddie let's get in a quick nine down at the pitch and putt#neddie ? neddddieee
(screaming) i can not it is a geo#(calmly) hmmm guess he did not see me
i think we should leave#(whistling through his fingers) hey flanders over here i got us some kickass seats
before i get started on today's sermon entitled (pointedly at ned) "what ned did" i'd like to publicly congratulate homer simpson on his recent charity work#i live to give
(adlibbing)#(interrupting) stop it stop it stop it (to the church) how dare you talk about ned flanders like that he is a wonderful kind caring man maybe even more so than me there have been times when i have lost patience with him even lashed out at him but this man has turned every cheek on his body if everyone here were like ned flanders there'd be no need for heaven we'd already be there
thank you thank you so much homer you really are a (sniffles) you are a true friend#right back atcha buddy
right back atcha buddy#now how 'bout that game at the pitch 'n putt ?
int simpson house  living room)#guess what everyone ? my great uncle boris died and left us his old country house there is only one catch they say  it is haunted but i am sure we can prove him wrong by spending the weekend there
hididdly ho neighbor#get lost flanders
okillydokilly#(cocky) see i told ya there is nothin' to worry about this place is not
hi mom#hi mom
eeeeeee#i'd love to honey but daddy has to go to a beer drinking contest today
think you will win ?#son when you participate in sporting events it is not whether you win or lose it is how drunk you get
uh it is hard for us to leave when you are standing there mom#(helpfully) push her down son
(gasp)#oh dear god no
i think you will find that escape is impossible now each one of you take a floor and get started#(quickly) i call the basement
fine#(questioning annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  basement)#(annoyed grunt)
amen ernie#(dusts hands) all done
you are not done i want you to throw away these old calendars and tv guides#are you mad woman ? you never know when an old calendar might come in handy sure it is not nineteen eightyfive right now but who knows what tomorrow will bring ? and these tv guides so many memories
are you mad woman ? you never know when an old calendar might come in handy sure it is not nineteen eightyfive right now but who knows what tomorrow will bring ? and these tv guides so many memories#(reading) "gomer upsets sergeant carter" ooooh i will never forget that episode
shazam#(chuckles) shazam
(sharply) stop remembering tv and get back to work#(after her) what is the point of all this cleaning ? (melodramatic) are we so vain ?
(clich sitcom sting) wahwah#(reading) "use only in a well ventilated area"
(reading) "use only in a well ventilated area"#(to bottle) shove it buddy
(german accent straining) i  must  destroy  you#(screams)
(calling) homer what is going on down there ?#(normal) nothing
then stop screaming so loud#(normal) okay
(normal) okay#(quiet screaming)
(gasps)#y'ello
well hot dog we have a "wiener"#(into empty hand) y'ello ?
(into phone) well all that money sounds mighty tempting marty but i think i am gonna have to go with the elephant#(knowingly) he is taking the elephant instead of the money
(firm) i want the elephant#heh heh stick it to the man (finally dawning) no wait
heh heh stick it to the man (finally dawning) no wait#we will call you back (hangs up) bart with ten thousand dollars we'd be millionaires we could buy all kinds of useful things like (thinks)  love
you all seem to be forgetting the most important thing which is that it is wrong to imprison an animal#lisa go to your room
hey#wee
homer it looks like it could gore#heh heh it does look like al gore
i really think this is a bad idea#marge i agree with you in theory in theory communism works in theory
i think i am gonna call him stampy#what is he yelling about ?
(quietly) you ate it too fast#maybe if we tied it down so it could not move it would not get so hungry
you can not do that dad it is cruel#oh everything's cruel according to you keeping him chained up in the backyard is cruel pulling on his tail is cruel yelling in his ears is cruel everything is cruel so excuse me if i am cruel
oh everything's cruel according to you keeping him chained up in the backyard is cruel pulling on his tail is cruel yelling in his ears is cruel everything is cruel so excuse me if i am cruel#now i have had my head in an elephant a hippo and a giant sloth
i think you are taking unfair advantage of my generous offer#shut up
he can not just eat peanuts dad he needs plants to live#(thoughtfully) plants eh ?
(helpfully) strip the bark now stampy#hey any more arboretums around here ?
(bitterly) no#(gasp) that bird he is killing the elephant stop him
no dad he is grooming him#(interested) grooming him eh ?
ew homer there is a bird on your head ?#i know he is grooming me (rubs scalp) mmm elephant fresh
nah he does not want to learn and i do not want to teach him we get along fine#hey what is with them ?
i think they are trying to get some attention#oh (scorn) good luck look at these bills (reading) "chain for elephant" "shots for elephant" "oversized decorative poncho"
technically it is for a giraffe but i think i can let it out a little#well these bills'll have to be paid out of your allowance
you will have to raise my allowance to about a thousand dollars a week#then that is what i will do smart guy
we will pay you money#for the ninth time no
for the ninth time no#wait a minute this gives me an idea
uh here's a better sign dad#i do not have time to read just give me the gist of it son
ext simpson backyard  next day)#your kid flew five feet that counts as a ride two bucks
int simpson house)#look at this marge fiftyeight dollars and all of it profit i am the smartest businessman in the world
stampy's food bill today was three hundred dollars#(quietly) marge please do not humiliate me in front of the money
int milhouse's house)#um milhouse saw the elephant twice and rode him once right ?
yes but we paid you four dollars#well that was under our old price structure under our new price structure your bill comes to a total of seven hundred dollars now you have already paid me four dollars so that is just six hundred and ninetysix dollars more that you owe me
get off our property#this town is full of deadbeats we can not afford this elephant
no dad he is my friend#sorry bart i am gonna have to sell him
well sir i will be honest with you i need a large african elephant and i need it today but i am afraid this just is not what i am lookin' for#what do you mean ? it is an elephant is not it ?
well it is and it is not if you understand what i mean#(long beat) he likes peanuts
it is perfect dad#i only have two questions how much and give it to me
well we really can not offer you any money we are a nonprofit organization#so your bid is zero
well we like to think of it as #(interrupting) thank you
you know i really think #(interrupting) thank you
dad i think he is an ivory dealer his boots are ivory his hat is ivory and i am pretty sure that check is ivory#lisa a guy who has lots of ivory is less likely to hurt stampy than a guy whose ivory supplies are low
dad you can not do this stampy is my friend#(sympathetically) do not worry son i will get you a new elephant
i will take that one too#done
all right i will be back in the morning to pick up stampy#here's the keys
elephants do not have keys#(quietly) i will just keep these then
(to homer) i will bet it is because of that horrible ivory dealer dad#he took bart too ?
he took bart too ?#(yelling) that wasn't part of our deal blackheart that wasn't paaaaart
ext springfield streets  night)#(chuckling) piece of cake all we have to do is follow the path of destruction
(chuckling) piece of cake all we have to do is follow the path of destruction#(groan) stupid tornado (chuckles) look it got patty and selma
ext peanut factory  establishing)#(condescending) elephant honey it is an elephant and i am sure he will make a grand piano
ahhh you are lonely for other elephants are not you ?#(annoyed grunt)
a female deer#son you are okay and you have led us to the precious ivory and of course your lovable pet who it is connected to
ow anyway i want him to go to that animal refuge#forget it that elephant cost me thousands of dollars
dad how would you like to be sold to an ivory dealer ?#(stoutly) i'd like it fine
even if he killed you and made your teeth into piano keys ?#yes of course i would who would not like that ? to be part of the music scene
dad you are sinking#huh ?
get a rope bart#nah that is okay i am pretty sure i can struggle my way out first i will just reach in and pull my legs out
nah that is okay i am pretty sure i can struggle my way out first i will just reach in and pull my legs out#now i will pull my arms out with my face
ow#(gasping for breath) i am alive i am alive and i owe it all to this feisty feline
(exasperated) dad#(off their looks) oh i guess it would not be right to sell stampy after he saved my life (quick afterthought) and the boy seems to have some sort of relationship with him
thanks dad#on the other hand who is to say what is right these days what with all our modern ideas and products
on the other hand who is to say what is right these days what with all our modern ideas and products#all right we will give the stupid elephant to the stupid animal refuge
ow my hair#mmm caramel
int power plant  day)#(yawns) lousy job nothing exciting ever happens
congratulations homer simpson you have just won the employee raffle#woo hoo what do i get ?
the job of industrial chimney sweep for a day#(beat then) woo hoo
(beat then) woo hoo#(disappointed) hey this is not such a great prize (philosophical) oh well this may be a dirty job but the big guys at the top work even harder (chuckles)
hello i am montgomery burns#(screams)
so much for plan b#that is it boy you are our last hope
(to herself) i have gotta stop fantasizing about lee majors (beat) ah one more (closes eyes bionic sound effect)#okay boy i wrote down exactly what to say just read it and you are a shooin
(reading cards) hello mr kurns ? i bad want money now me sick#oooh he card reads good
so pick please me mr burns#it is kurns stupid
(irritated) no it is not#(to bart) disregard
(tenting fingers) excellent#(laughs) the boot kicked bart it kicked him right in the butt (laughs)
i think bart and lisa are feeling a little upset right now is not there something you would like to say ?#there sure is kids you tried your best and you failed miserably the lesson is never try (to self chuckles) right in the butt (chuckles) that was great
just sign here and your son will stand to inherit my entire estate#woo hoo we are rich bart get over to the mansion and open up all the windows we want to get the old people smell out before we move in
dad mr burns has not passed away yet#huh ? oh right (to burns) so i guess you are in okay shape huh ? no heart problems or anything
well i #(lunging at burns) boo
(stricken groan) i am okay#(ravenous eating noises) oh yeah so good
(sotto) are you thinking what i am thinking ?#yeah let's push him down the steps
all right#(whiny) how come bart gets to do that and i can not spend one night lurking in the bushes outside chef boyardee's house ?
homer say something#okay (sternly) lisa quit getting in the way of your wealthy brother's peas
his plate) oh yuck meatloaf my most hated of all loafs#(gasps) that was the end piece that is it being abusive to your family is one thing but i will not stand idly by and watch you feed a hungry dog go to your room
no this family stinks mr burns nurtures my destructive side i am suffocating here#(lamely) bart you listen
oh go eat some flowers#(gasps) my secret shame
(grimacing) ugh smithers get it off me#bart you are coming home
(to homer) i suggest you leave immediately#(cocky) or what ? you will release the dogs ? or the bees ? or the dogs with bees in their mouths and when they bark they shoot bees at you ? well go ahead do your worst
(cocky) or what ? you will release the dogs ? or the bees ? or the dogs with bees in their mouths and when they bark they shoot bees at you ? well go ahead do your worst#(upset) he locked the door (beat) i will show him
(weary sigh then) that was a heartbreaker but i did get paul mccartney out of "wings"#you idiot he was the most talented one
homer that is hans moleman#can i keep him anyway ? huh huh ?
just trying to fill the void of random meaningless destruction that bart's absence has left in our hearts#(screams)
(chuckling) let me try one#hey the trail of donuts ended (gasps) bart
(losing patience) hurry fire him now or i will disown you you will lose everything the fabulous toys a lifetime of wealth and luxury the gift certificate from blockbuster video the freedom to do whatever you want#i will miss you son
int simpson house  day)#son i know you are upset because you thought you saw us on tv saying we did not want you in our family but those were just actors playing us
(stunned) how do you know ?#because one of them hung out with me for a week trying to get my character down
(to everyone) i love you guys#right back atcha son aw
right back atcha son aw#and now i want you to meet your new brother hans moleman
cowabunga dudes#(to bart) give it a try it is like kissing a peanut heh heh heh
(sadly feeling the back of his head) yeah i guess it is guilt#whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa let me get this straight they let everybody out of school early just because you brought a dog ?
well yeah but #well i am off to work
the dog has had enough excitement#(whiny) but marge dogs can never have enough excitement
(whiny) but marge dogs can never have enough excitement#look ree ree (laughs) ree ree aye aye (off marge's look) all right all right i will not take the dog c'mere
(annoyed murmur)#(disappointed moan)
with your new principal ned flanders#how many "s"'s in "innocent" ?
ned homer and i are a little concerned with the way the school's being run#(snacking furiously from stuff on ned's desk mouth full) yes deeply concerned
well once he found out we were going to get ned flanders fired he insisted on helping#(nodding calmly) that is true
(to himself) can not let dad see me playing hooky#(to himself) i can not let the boy see me skipping work
good afternoon#how do you do sir ?
how do you do sir ?#sucker
int simpson house)#(moans) jury duty i will see that quimby kid hang for this
if i find out you cut class your ass is mine yes you heard me i think words i would never say#i know you can read my thoughts boy (sing to meow mix theme) meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow/ meow meow meow meow meow meow meow meow
excuse me your honor yes i'd like to bring something to the court's attention#(asleep gurgling noise)
(asleep gurgling noise)#(waking) huh ?
give those glasses to the bailiff#all right
will the jury retire and come to its decision ?#okay fine
we might as well make it official#what does sequestered mean ?
if the jury is deadlocked they are put up in a hotel together so they can not communicate with the outside world#what does deadlocked mean ?
it is when the jury can not agree on a verdict#uhhuh and "if" ?
a conjunction meaning "in the event that" or "on condition that"#so "if" we do not all vote the same way we will be "deadlocked" and have to be "sequestered" in the springfield palace hotel
let's vote my liver is failing#where we will get a free room free food free swimming pool free hbo  oooh "free willy"
justice is not a frivolous thing simpson it has little if anything to do with a disobedient whale now let's vote#uh how are the rest of you voting ?
uh how are the rest of you voting ?#(somberly) i am only doing what i think is right i believe freddie quimby should walk out of here a free hotel
int hotel  homer & skinner's room)#(mouth full) oh i miss you too marge but the law needs me i will be home as soon as i can
(mouth full) oh i miss you too marge but the law needs me i will be home as soon as i can#room service ? send up two more pot roasts and three more pillows with mints on 'em
you know (small chuckle) we are kind of like the original "odd couple" you are the messy one and i am#(mouth full) shut up
int hotel  homer's room)#(choked up) jump free willy jump jump with all your might
ew what a mess#(moan) i do not like this new director's cut
int homer's room  later)#got it barn ?
you are stealing a table ?#i am not stealing it hotels expect you to take a few things it is a souvenir
ah is that my necktie you are wearing ?#souvenir
ext simpson house  establishing  night)#well marge it was horrible everyone was against me in that jury room but i stood by the courage of my convictions and i prevailed and that is why we had chinese food for lunch
good for you homie you know a lot of things happened around here while you were gone#great marge i wanna hear all about it (chuckles)
give me those#(moan)
(crushing sound) and those#(moan)
(crushing sound) and those#(moan)
(laugh)#(chuckles) maggie can you point to the monkey ?
(chuckles) maggie can you point to the monkey ?#pfft what do babies know ?
maggie can you point to the credenza ?#(annoyed grunt)
homer you did not do a very good job frosting maggie's birthday cake#what ? it is not magaggie's birthday ? (beat) oh
hey hey hey hey stop it i made a special cake for you to ruin it is over there#(hand flourish  la wimpy) ooh
(sigh) it is been great spending time with my family again (sadly) i guess the next time i see you will not be until thanksgiving#(oily) or if not then christmas
homey you know it is funny  both my mother and your father seem pretty lonely#hee hee hee hee that is funny
yeah anyway maybe they could go to a matinee together or shopping or to that room in the library that is always full of old people "periodicals" that is it#marge please old people do not need companionship they need to be isolated and studied so it can be determined what nutrients they have that might be extracted for our personal use
homer would you please stop reading that ross perot pamphlet ?#oh
(stilted) pardon me sir forgive my clumsiness#(quickly) not at all
well i think it is wonderful that your father has fallen in love with my mother#well i am opposed to the whole thing damn opposed
bart homer what possible reason could you have against grampa being in love ?#if he marries your mother marge we will be brother and sister and then our kids they will be horrible freaks with pink skin no overbites and five fingers on each hand
hot diggity i am gonna smooch her like a mule eatin' an apple (repulsive kissy sounds) i even bought me some special novelty dentures#dad that will never work if you want to make your move you have gotta play it cool
dad that will never work if you want to make your move you have gotta play it cool#(cool jazz rhythm) now what you gotta do / if you want to get a kiss / is act real smooth / and make your move like this
oh i see (cool jazz rhythm) so if i take your advice / and make your patented move / then my chances for love / will slightly improve ?#(cool jazz rhythm) now what is that rule ?
(over pa) whoopdedoo employees everyone who is found true love may leave early today#all right
mom's almost ready for her date she sure seems taken by this new beau i feel so bad for grampa#dad says this new guy is a repulsive obnoxious old billionaire so let's all be extranice to him
maggie) oh and this must be little pebbles mind if i come in ? i brought chocolates#(grabs chocolates) yabbadabbadoo
he is an awful awful awful man but i guess if he makes mom happy that is all that really matters#(sweetly) that is right money your money's happiness is all that moneys
dad i am really sorry but i charged three hundred fifty dollars on your credit card#what ?
do not worry here's the cash#(taking money) woo hoo three hundred fifty dollars now i can buy seventy transcripts of "nightline"
but dad#woo hoo (laugh)
evilschmevil marge monty can provide for me and besides he is a great kisser#ew yuuuuck
ext first church of springfield  a week later)#hey barney why do not you fill out the groom's side
homer do you want any cards ? homer ?#whew (explaining) do not try to eat these socalled "chips"
do you want another card or not ?#huh ? oh okay i will take three
huh ? oh okay i will take three#(annoyed grunt) (annoyed grunt) (annoyed grunt) (then slyly) i mean woo hoo
i am in let's see your cards#(groan) i was bluffing
(gently) hey do not yell at homer just because he is a little slow#(jumping up) how dare you call me that ?
int simpson kitchen  morning)#so anyhoo last night we are playing poker right as usual i am winning and not realizing it and lenny says that i am uh (chuckles) get this (chuckles) "a little slow"
so anyhoo last night we are playing poker right as usual i am winning and not realizing it and lenny says that i am uh (chuckles) get this (chuckles) "a little slow"#how come you are not laughing ? do you think i am slow ?
we do not think you are slow but on the other hand it is not like you go to museums or read books or anything#you think i do not want to ? it is those tv networks marge they will not let me one quality show after another each one fresher and more brilliant than the last if they only stumbled once  just gave us thirty minutes to ourselves but they will not they will not let me live
int bedroom  night  continuous)#(moan) oh who am i kidding ? i am slow
oh homie if you feel so bad about yourself there is always things you can do to feel better#take another bath in malt liquor ?
 there is that or you could take an adult education course#(bitterly) oh and how is "education" supposed to make me feel smarter ? besides every time i learn something new it pushes some old stuff out of my brain remember when i took that home wine making course and i forgot how to drive ?
(outraged) that is because you were drunk#(wistfully) and how
(trying to be positive) gettin' better#wait a minute even lenny is teaching a class look at the way they admire and adore him
wait a minute even lenny is teaching a class look at the way they admire and adore him#that is it if he can teach a class he can teach a class (beat) i mean i can teach a class
what is your area of expertise ?#well i can tell the difference between butter and "i can not believe it is not butter"
no you can not mr simpson no one can#(groan) i have failed again everybody can teach a class but me i am an idiot what am i gonna tell my wife and kids ?
oh you are married ?#(flirtatiously) that depends is there another way to get this job ?
no mr simpson what i mean is we may have a job for you after all we need someone to teach a course on how to build a successful marriage#i will do it anything to get me out of that house away from all that nagging and noise (realizing to administrator) of a family of love (singing) sha la la la
int simpsons' kitchen  evening)#look everyone now that i am a teacher i have sewed patches on my elbows
homer that is supposed to be leather patches on a tweed blazer not the other way around you have ruined a perfectly good jacket#(proudly) incorrect marge two perfectly good jackets
i think it is great you are a teacher dad so will you be lecturing from a standardized text or using the more socratic method of interactive class participation ?#(patronizing) yes lisa daddy's a teacher
well homer what a pleasant#can not talk now flanders (smugly) i have got a class to teach
can i take your order ?#nothing for me today i have got a class to teach
(filtered) sir it is a felony to tease the order box#it is all right i am a teacher
int classroom  later)#(to class) all right the first thing they told me to do is make sure everyone here is in the right class
(to class) all right the first thing they told me to do is make sure everyone here is in the right class#down the hall room twelve
(mouth full) thank you#ew okay let's get started (thinking sounds)
ew okay let's get started (thinking sounds)#(curtly) no talking (more thinking sounds)
(then finally) um how about if we tell you our problems with relationships ?#(warming to it) yeah yeah that'll eat up some time uh how 'bout you otto
(yelling) simpson#huh ? yeah i was listening very funny
you were not you were just eating a damn orange#uh yes yes to the untrained eye i am eating an orange but to the eye that has brains i am making a point about marriage (a pronouncement) for you see marriage is a lot like an orange
uh yes yes to the untrained eye i am eating an orange but to the eye that has brains i am making a point about marriage (a pronouncement) for you see marriage is a lot like an orange#first you have the skin then the sweet sweet innards
i do not understand#(sadly) okay but then we have got to get to work
he is a horrible excuse for an educator#(moans) i told marge this would not work the other night in bed
so something wasn't working in bed huh ? (derisive laugh)#no that is not what i meant marge and i always talk things over in bed like the other night we were fighting about money
trouble in paradise huh ? derisive laugh)#i was telling marge that we could save some money if she only dyed her hair once a month
marge dyes her hair ?#(and how) oh yeah she is been gray as a mule since she was seventeen
ext somewhere)#i went on for hours and they were hanging on my every word i really think i was born to teach
all right simpson you were warned about teasing the box#(screams)
int simpson bedroom  night)#come on marge let me in (looking around nervously) there is crickets out here
homer i really do not like you telling personal secrets in your class#marge i did not tell 'em personal stuff
today at the kwikemart everybody knew i dyed my hair#oh you mean about you all right maybe i said some things  some personal things but you should have seen 'em marge they really wanted to hear what i had to say
(uninterested) mmhmm i am happy about that but i think you can be a good teacher and still respect our privacy#(building intensity) look marge you do not know what it is like i am the one there everyday putting his ass on the line and i am not out of order you are out of order the whole freakin' system is out of order you want the truth ? you want the truth ? you can not handle the truth 'cause when you reach over and put your hand into a pile of goo that was your best friend's face you will know what to do forget it marge  it is chinatown
homer do not ever tell them personal stuff about me again#(meekly) yes ma'am
int classroom  evening)#now what is a wedding ? well webster's dictionary describes a wedding as 'the process of removing weeds from one's garden'
tell us more about you and marge#this is a place of learning not a house of hearing about things
i can not believe i paid ten thousand dollars for this course what the heck was that lab fee for ?#no wait uh uh wait i yes i do have a story about two other young marrieds
(adlibbing) oh all right / okay#(gossipy) now the wife of this couple has an interesting quirk in the bedroom it seems she goes wild with desire if her husband nibbles on her elbow
we need names#well let's just call 'em uh "mr x" and "mrs y" so anyway mr x would say 'marge if this does not get your motor running my name is not homer j simpson'
homer do not you have to get to class ?#not tonight marge tonight we can eat a nice leisurely dinner at home
what the darn ?#marge you will never guess what my whole class is here they are going to observe the human peep show that is our lives
loud whisper) apparently that disturbing odor was the food#(big cheerful a bit stilted) so little lisa apple of my eye how are things down at the ol' schoolhouse ?
i find this demeaning and embarrassing beyond my worst nightmares#(forced laugh then to bart) and how is my little major leaguer ? catch any junebugs today ?
well me and milhouse took some mail from a mail truck and threw it down the sewer#(firm but loving) son i know you meant well but that wasn't the right thing to do
what the hell are you talkin' about ? you are the one who double dared us#why you little
me too#(cheerfully as if nothing happened) well now that the little ones have toddled off to bed
(yelling) get out get out get out (etc)#all right we are breaking early tonight class for tomorrow you should read pages seven through eighteen in lisa's diary
you too#huh ?
get out#but i am not in the cla
ext simpson house  evening  later)#okay marge things were said mistakes were made let's end this madness and get on with our lives
you just do not get it do you homer ? you told personal things about our lives even after you promised you would not i can not trust you anymore#but i learned my lesson it will never happen again
hey homer what is the big brouhaha ? ha#aw marge is throwing me out for blabbing about her elbow thing
aw marge is throwing me out for blabbing about her elbow thing#(calling) honey the door blew shut (realizes) oh fine that is what you want ? you got it this scene is gettin' old man i am hittin' the road maybe i will drop you a line someday from wherever i wind up in this crazy old world
(robot voice) affirmative humanoid#do not mind me boys just scrubbing my undies
(removing his helmet) sorry bart your dad kinda blew the fantasy i only like it when i am pretend scared#(to bart) keep up the roughhousing son without a strong male presence in the house you could turn sissy overnight (resumes scrubbing) oh these stubborn grass stains
ext simpson house  day)#oh good reverend lovejoy will make marge take me back he has to push the sanctity of marriage or his god will punish him
int tree house  night)#good night marge
good night marge#(sadly) why did not i take a picture ? i had ten years to take a picture
(sighs) funny the way everything reminds me of homer#(echoey) i love you will you marry me marge ? you mean i am gonna be a daddy ? i hope we will always be together together together
(echoey) i love you will you marry me marge ? you mean i am gonna be a daddy ? i hope we will always be together together together#(caught small voice) together ?
here dad i brought you some nice (small scream)#good news lisa i do not need your mother anymore i have created a replacement that is superior to her in almost every way
dad that is just a plant#lisa you will respect your new mother now give her a kiss kisss herrr
lisa you will respect your new mother now give her a kiss kisss herrr#ohmygodohmygodohmygod all right let's get our stories straight she tripped right ?
look i brought you some nice pudding#ah your flesh mother used to bring me pudding oh i miss marge (desperately) lisa you are smart help me trick her into taking me back
dad you can not trick somebody into loving you (nobly) there is a reason two people come together and stay together there is something they give each other that nobody else can give them if you want to get mom back you just have to remember what you give her that nobody else can#(beat) i will pay you forty dollars if you think of it for me
no#okay thirty
(sincerely) good luck dad#all right brain it is all up to you if you do not think of what it is we will lose marge forever
homer#moe what are you doing here ?
i did not ask her for no water she is lying homer she is lyin' she told me you were dead that is the only reason i i did not do nothin'#(friendly) bye moe
homer what happened to you ?#marge i figured out what i can give you that no one else can
marge i figured out what i can give you that no one else can#(with feeling) a bouquet of po (defeated moan)
(with feeling) a bouquet of po (defeated moan)#(sad moan) i give up i do not deserve to live with you
(sad moan) i give up i do not deserve to live with you#(sad moan) my tattered rags are caught on your coffee table
(annoyed) oh here let me help you#wait a minute wait that is it i know now what i can offer you that no one else can complete and utter dependence
homer that is not a good thing#are you kidding ? it is a wondrous marvelous thing marge i need you more than anyone else on this entire planet could possibly ever need you i need you to take care of me to put up with me and most of all i need you to love me because i love you
but how do i know i can trust you ?#marge look at me we have been separated for a day and i am as dirty as a frenchman in another few hours i will be dead i can not afford to lose your trust again
int bart's bedroom  night  a little later)#wait until my class hears about this (quickly off her look) kidding
int simpson kitchen  later)#(contented sigh) it is great to be indoors with my family
look dad i missed you so much i could not concentrate in school and i got an "f"#hey this is dated two weeks ago
and i have a special present for you but i will give it to you later tonight#special present ? (whinychildish) i do not wanna wait i want it now i want the children to see (realizing) oh right later (knowing laugh)
(furtively) so marge are you really happy really ?#(friendly) hey moe
homer my hat goes off to you#it is cool in here boy for the rest of the summer we can live inside the refrigerator
homer the fridge wasn't meant to be used this way (beat) although i must say it is certainly refreshing#(proudly) i got the idea when i noticed the refrigerator was cold
will not this overload the motor ?#marge can you set the oven to cold ?
dad#(cheerfully) yes lisa ?
canwehaveapooldad ? canwehaveapooldad ? (building to a whining frenzy) canwehaveapooldad ? canwehaveapooldad ? canwehaveapooldad ? canwe etc#(with dignity) i understand let us celebrate our new arrangement with the adding of chocolate to milk
over here we have "the hick tub" "the uh instarust" that is "the lightning magnet" that is "the tinkler"#(pleased) ooh the tinkler i like the sound of that we will take it
ext simpson backyard  next day)#all right everybody in the pool
'tis a fine barn but sure 'tis no pool english#(amishstyle annoyed grunt)
(amishstyle annoyed grunt)#(tentatively) is it a pool yet ?
yes dad#woo hoo
(groan) i am gonna miss the whole summer#do not worry boy when you get a job like me you will miss every summer
well it looks like it is just you and me barty boy#(serene) ahthere is nothing like rising with the sun for a quiet peaceful dip in your very own pool
(serene) ahthere is nothing like rising with the sun for a quiet peaceful dip in your very own pool#(incredibly loud obnoxious whoop)
(incredibly loud obnoxious whoop)#(disgusted) yaaarrewwwwwww
(disgusted) yaaarrewwwwwww#lisa the blob has got me do not touch me or he will get you too
dad you have to put chlorine in the water every day to keep it clean#chlorine eh ?
this was a lovely idea homie (coy) come here and kiss me#(romantic) mmmm
listen ned flanders murdered his wife#but why ? she is such a fox (off marge's look) i mean what is on fox tonight ? something ribald no doubt
(woman's bloodcurdling scream)#you see marge ? you see ?
oh well i guess that explains everything#(slyly) not everything there is still the little matter of the whereabouts of your wife
(waving her hand) um i am right here#(dripping sarcasm) oh i see then everything is wrapped up in a neat little package (off their annoyed looks) really i mean that sorry if it sounded sarcastic
int garage)#lisa stop the racket i am trying to fix your mother's camera now easy easy
lisa stop the racket i am trying to fix your mother's camera now easy easy#hm (looking at mess) i am gonna need a bigger drill
(worried) hurry up and finish eating#you are steerin' fine boy (suddenly fast) hard to the right
oh#hard to the left
whoa#cat deer old man
(screams)#jackknifed sugar truck (gasps beat) sugar ?
jackknifed sugar truck (gasps beat) sugar ?#do not worry buddy here's a quarter call for help at the nearest phone i will keep an eye on things here
homer that was downright decent of you#we hit the jackpot here white gold texas tea sweetener
dad is not this stealing ?#read your town charter boy (quoting) "if food stuffs should touch the ground said food stuffs shall be turned over to the village idiot" since i do not see him around start shoveling
it hurts my teeth#that is because i have loaded it with sugar marge our ship has come in i found five hundred pounds of sugar (nudging bart)  in the forest  that i am gonna sell directly to the consumer and all for a low low price of one dollar per pound
and it does not have nails and broken glass in it#those are prizes (eats some) ooo a blasting cap
ext skinner's house  later)#(happily) sugar man
int simpson kitchen  late afternoon)#(gloating) and you did not think i'd make any money (indicating dollar) i found a dollar while i was waiting for the bus
while you were out "earning" that dollar you lost forty dollars by not going to work the plant called and said if you do not come in tomorrow do not bother coming in monday#woo hoo a four day weekend
int simpson backyard  day break)#must protect sugar thieves everywhere the strong must protect the sweet the sweet (snores)
homer ?#(in his sleep  la scarface) in america first you get the sugar then you get the power then you get the women
(waking him) homer homer#huh wha ?
i want you to forget about guarding this stupid sugar you are being completely paranoid#oh am i am i really ?
oh am i am i really ?#aha
hello#all right pal where'd you get the sugar for that tea ?
homer when are you gonna give up this crazy sugar scheme ?#never (with feeling) never marge i can not live the buttoneddown life like you i want it all the terrifying lows the dizzying highs the creamy middles (wryly) sure i might offend a few of the bluenoses with my cockystride and musky odors oh i will never be the darling of the so called (scornfully) "city fathers" who cluck their tongues stroke their beards and talk about what is to be done with this homer simpson
look just get rid of the sugar okay ?#no
no#(screams) hey get off my sugar bad bees bad
(screams) hey get off my sugar bad bees bad#ow ow oh they are defending themselves somehow
ah very clever simpson luring our bees to your sugar pile and then selling them back to us at an inflated price#bees are on the what now ?
simpson you diobolical we are willing to pay you two thousand dollars for the swarm#deal
oh wait a minute the bees are leaving#nooooooo my sugar is melting melting oh what a world
(spit take)#oh sugar (sobs)
i am sorry homie#it is okay marge i have learned my lesson a mountain of sugar is too much for one man it is clear now why god portions it out in those tiny packets and why he lives on a plantation in hawaii
(insulted) what ?#like what ?
(sniffling) this romance is so full of heartfelt passion i can really identify with this cornfed heroine homer are you awake ? this is important give me some sign you are awake#(burp)
wake up#huh ? wuzz wrong ? house run away ? dog's on fire ?
homie do you think that the romance has gone out of our lives ?#(burp)
wake up#(whiny) marge it is three am and i worked all day
it is nine thirty pm and you spent your whole saturday drinking beer in maggie's kiddy pool#there you are thought you could get away huh ?
homer young people learn about love from adults and we have been setting a terrible example for our children and the community in general i want us to deal with the issues raised by this book#hmmm
no no no no ask your heart what its fondest desire is#hm
hm#mmmm chocolate / mmmm invisible cola / mmmm forbidden donut / mmmm sacrilicious mmmm (indecipherable) / mmmm free goo mmmm something
no think about people about moments in your life that have been very romantic#oh okay
happy valentine's#marge i want you to stop seeing this jacque you can let him down gently but over the next couple of months i want you to break it off
okay homer#ooh that was a close one kids
ooh that was a close one kids#okay marge as long as we are traumatizing the kids i have a scandalous story of my own
yeah ditto#(not looking at her) hi
ain't you ever seen a naked chick ridin' a clam before ?#gotta go
int power plant  corridor)#(relieved) i made it the whole day without seeing her again
int elevator)#(screams) i mean hello
i guess we will be goin' down together i mean getting off togeth (nervously) i mean#that is okay i will just push the button for the stimulator i mean elevator
that is okay i will just push the button for the stimulator i mean elevator#(shudders) that is unsexy
(shudders) that is unsexy#ew
ew#well this is my floor
well this is my floor#(doppler) see you tomorrow
(doppler) see you tomorrow#i tried to avoid her but we were sent to a nuclear convention in capital city together
tv's there bathroom's there and there is your king sized bed for#stop that i love my wife and family all i am gonna use this bed for is sleeping eating and maybe building a little fort that is it
(devilish) homer i got a really wicked idea that could get us into a lot of trouble#oh mindy we have to fight our temptation
no homer let's do it let's call room service#(aroused) oh
no more chernobyls#go to hell
go to hell#i was doing my best to resist her
i was doing my best to resist her#but at dinner the fortune cookie predicted doom
this was a really nice night homer#(sourly) yeah yeah
what is wrong ?#oh yeah like you do not know (whiny) we are gonna have sex
oh well we do not have to#yes we do the cookie told me so
well desserts are not always right#(sadly) but they are so sweet
(interrupting) homer you know how i feel so itit is up to you look in your heart i think you will see what you want#( la barry white) oh baby
(annoyed) yes what did happen to her ?#she hit the bottle pretty hard and lost her job
(sad) well kids i tried maybe you are right#wait a minute marge love is not hopeless look maybe i am no expert on the subject but there was one time i got it right
ext road  night)#shut up i am over as far as i can go
shut up i am over as far as i can go#all right all right i will walk in the mud
homer#marge ?
yeah you want a ride ?#sure
you know homer when i got home i realized who i should have gone to the prom with#who ? oh
my prom date#marge pour vous
why so glum ?#i have got a problem once you stop this car i am gonna hug you and kiss you and then i will never be able to let you go
ah your first kiss#but not the last
dad remember how you said that going to itchy and scratchy land would be too damned expensive ?#oh everything's too damned expensive these days look at this bible i just got fifteen bucks and talk about a preachy book everybody's a sinner except for this guy
int car)#(quick monotone) no no no no no no no no no ask your mother
yeah (reading) "dancing bowling fashionable shops over one hundred bars and saloons and a world class chemical dependency center"#(gasp) tv town hammock land
now wait a minute i am not sure about this every time we have ever gone on vacation i end up being horribly embarrassed we end up in a big fight and we come home more miserable than when we left you have to promise me that this is not going to happen this time#embarrassed ? what are you talking about ?
well there was our trip to the amish country#oh yes
ext street in small town in amish country)#(chuckles) hey look marge they are still not fightin' back (giggles) i can be a jerk and no one can stop me hee hee hee hee
(chuckles) hey look marge they are still not fightin' back (giggles) i can be a jerk and no one can stop me hee hee hee hee#(kicked noise)
ext beach  day)#(laughs) suckers
(laughs) suckers#(screams) sharkboy
do not worry mom we will make you proud of us#lobster hat fishnet speedo jr wheelie shoes invisible dog leash (chuckles closes suitcase) well i am packed
ext street)#okay let's make a pact this is gonna be the best vacation ever or we all agree to disband and join other families
agreed#ah the interstate fasten your seatbelts kids we are on our way to itchy and scratchy land
(annoyed grunt)#(cockily) do not worry i have got an ace up my sleeve
dad can we stop at flickey's ?#no
int simpson car)#omigod what'll i do ? what'll i do ?
what is the matter with you homer ? we do not have any fruits or vegetables in the car#(whimpering) the whole trunk's full of 'em marge
got any fruits or vegetables ?#(panicked whimper)
int simpson car  later)#now to absorb some local color through the magic of am radio
(moan) have not we stood in five different states long enough ?#no
int simpson car  night)#do not mind if i do (crazy noises)
we'd better find a motel and stop for the night#we do not need to do that marge i am not tired i am not tired at all
ext simpson car  the next morning  establishing)#"north" "south" nuts to this i am going to take a shortcut
homer no you are going to get lost#trust me marge with today's modern cars you can not get lost what with all the silicon chips and such
ext itchy & scratchy land)#all right we are here let us never speak of the shortcut again
ext itchy & scratchy land park 'n fly)#now remember we are in the itchy lot
ext entrance to itchy & scratchy land)#one adult and four children
would you like to buy some itchy and scratchy money ?#what is that ?
do it dad#well okay if it is fun let's see
well okay if it is fun let's see#i will take eleven hundred dollars worth
ext itchy & scratchy land)#(whiny moan)
bart#eyeball stew
(reading) tortureland explosion land searing gas pain land unnecessary surgery land (disapproving murmur)#oh look it is the twelve noon robot parade hurry up or we will have to wait for the twelveohfive parade
ah you know part of spending time together as a family is spending time apart as individuals#parents island ?
ext "itchy's 70s disco")#it is the '70s right down to the smallest detail
int repair room)#(calling out window) thank you
dad ?#i kicked one of those stupid itchy characters in the butt
i have nothing to say to you#but marge i was a political prisoner
(angrily) how were you a political prisoner ?#i kicked a giant mouse in the butt do i have to draw you a diagram ?
oh for gosh sakes what now ?#hey look this one's coming on to me
hey look this one's coming on to me#(flirting) yoo hoo mr robot
dad i think you are wrong about that robot trying to be your friend#lisa (ducking swing) do not (ducking swing) contradict (ducking swing) your (ducking swing) elders
lisa (ducking swing) do not (ducking swing) contradict (ducking swing) your (ducking swing) elders#(distraught) my hair you chopped off my hair oh god i am ugly
oh my it looks like we are doomed#back you robots nobody ruins my family vacation but me and maybe the boy
dad the flash must have scrambled their circuits#(picking up camera) what're you the narrator ?
(ominously) hey mouse say cheese (then to himself) hmm with a dry cool wit like that i could be an action hero#die bad robots die (chuckle) with a dry cool wit like that (bart begins speech below) i could be an action hero
as roger meyers jr the owner of the park i'd like to thank you for stopping the killer robots and to show my appreciation here are two free passes#but there are five of us
(firmly) here are two free passes#that is better
yeah switch the station i consider myself politically correct and his views make me uncomfortable#nuhnuhnuhnuh guys now i am not very political  i usually think people who vote are a bit (gesturing) "fruity"  but for some reason this birch barlow really speaks to me
dad i had to listen to this jerk all morning can we listen to something else ?#when i am driving the car i get to choose the radio station when you are driving we will listen to your radio station
when i am driving the car i get to choose the radio station when you are driving we will listen to your radio station#i can not take this anymore let's switch back
(gasp) that sounds like sideshow bob#yes ma'am sideshow bob yakkin' it up on the ol' yakbox
dad i will spare you the embarrassment of admitting you do not know who sideshow bob is#(relieved) phew
sideshow bob used to be krusty the clown's sidekick but in 1990 he framed krusty for armed robbery and bart got him put in jail#uhhuh
when he got out he married aunt selma and tried to murder her#oh sideshow bob
ack help i am being attacked by uh things#(scream) it is the rapture quick get bart out of the house before god comes
ext springfield civic center  night)#(screams)
int polling place  election day)#(re bob lever) hmm i do not agree with his bartkilling policy but i do approve of his selmakilling policy
(emotional) homer we have got to stop them#i know what you are up to mayor terwigajer and no one in my family's gonna stand for it
int simpson house  dining room  that night)#we are gonna lose our house and end up living under a bridge like common trolls
yeah except their dad wasn't waiting in the car reading archie comics#(angry mutter re comic) stuckup riverdale punks think they are too good for me
(puffs cigarette) i can not tell you who i am but i worked on the campaign#hey mr smithers
ext mountain road  day)#well it was a long trip but we are almost there
homer did you remember to lock the front door of the house ?#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#well it is been two long trips but we are finally almost there again
when you locked the front door did you remember to lock the back door ?#(two annoyed grunts)
this house has quite a long and colorful history it was built on an ancient indian burial ground and was the setting of satanic rituals witch burnings and five john denver christmas specials#(shudders) john denver
int caretakers quarters  continuous)#(pleasantly) hm cable's out think i will have a beer
(pleasantly) hm cable's out think i will have a beer#(calm) hm not a drop in the house what do you know ?
(impressed murmur) homer i am impressed you are taking this quite well#(beat then) i will kill you i will kill all of you
homer#sorry sorry do not worry there is plenty i can do to keep myself occupied maybe i will check out that axe collection (crazy) see ya later
so what'll it be homer ?#moe give me a beer
no not unless you kill your family#why should i kill my family ?
uh they'd be much happier as ghosts#you do not look so happy
(worried murmur) this is less encouraging#(re ceiling) so what do you think marge ? all i need is a title i was thinking along the lines of "no tv and no beer make homer" something something
(worried) go crazy ?#gimme the bat marge gimme the bat gimme the bat c'mon gimme the bat gimme the bat babat
gimme the bat marge gimme the bat gimme the bat c'mon gimme the bat gimme the bat babat#(laughs) hehheh scaredycat
(laughs) hehheh scaredycat#(terrified shriek)
homer it is moe ah look some of the ghouls and i are a little concerned the project is not moving forward#(mouth full) can not murder now eating
c'mon#(mouthful) noooo
int retreat  kitchen)#heeeeere's johnny
heeeeere's johnny#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#daaaavid lettermaaaan
(waving sheepishly) hi david i am grampa#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#i am mike wallace i am morley safer and i am ed bradley all this and andy rooney tonight on "60 minutes"
oh my i hope that rug was scotchguarded#(eyes rolled up) must kill family (groans)
dad look#(gasp) television teacher mother secret lover
(gasp) television teacher mother secret lover#urge to kill fading fading
urge to kill fading fading#fading (suddenly intense) rising
fading (suddenly intense) rising#(calm again) fading fading gone
(calm again) fading fading gone#come family sit in the snow with daddy and let us all bask in television's warm glowing warming glow
(frozen mouth) homer change channel#can not frozen
(singing) "one / singular sensation"#urge to kill rising
int simpson kitchen  a sunny morning)#y'know marge i have had my share of troubles but sitting here now with you and the kids in our cozy home in this beautiful free country it just makes me feel that i am really a lucky guy
(wild yowls) dad daaadd homer#(yells) get it off get it off get it offf
(yells) get it off get it off get it offf#(prolonged exhausted breathing followed by a relieved sigh)
int basement  a little later)#this should not be too hard to fix with the right tools
int basement  sunrise)#there better than new now to take her for a test toast
there better than new now to take her for a test toast#what the ?
int time vortex  continuous)#(re clocks) look at that (realization) i am the first non brazilian person to travel backwards through time
ext springfield jungle  100 million bc)#(awed) i have gone back to the time when dinosaurs weren't just confined to zoos (screams) ok do not panic remember the advice your father gave you on your wedding day
int springfield mall  atrium  the next day)#fine as long as i stand perfectly still and do not touch anything i will not destroy the future
fine as long as i stand perfectly still and do not touch anything i will not destroy the future#stupid bug you go squish now
stupid bug you go squish now#(beat realizing) (gasp) but that was just one little insignificant mosquito that can not change the future right ? right ?
int basement  continuous)#phew i am back
int kitchen  a little later)#oh my loving family nothing's changed
(mechanically happy) okilly dokilly#hey what the hell is that geek flanders doing on tv ?
do not you remember dad ? flanders is the unquestioned lord and master of the world#(annoyed grunt)
just relax let the hooks do their work#(hooks in mouth) what the hell are you smiling at ?
(extreme monotone) it is bliiiiisssss#nooooo
nooooo#oh no they are gaining on me wait i have an idea
oh no they are gaining on me wait i have an idea#these wieners will give me the quick energy i need to escape
int kitchen)#i gotta go back fix future
ext springfield primeval jungle  100 million bc)#this time i am not gonna touch a thing
this time i am not gonna touch a thing#mustn't crush mustn't kill made it
mustn't crush mustn't kill made it#(moans) oh i wish i wish i hadn't killed that fish
int kitchen  seconds later)#hey where is everybody ?
ext springfield jungle  100 million bc)#(quiet) this is gonna cost me
int kitchen  moments later)#(annoyed grunt) i mean heeeyy
are we taking the new lexus to aunt patty and selma's funeral today ?#(to himself) hmm fabulous house wellbehaved kids sistersinlaw dead luxury sedan woo hoo i hit the jackpot (aloud) marge dear would you kindly pass me a donut ?
(puzzled) "donut ?" what is a donut ?#(screams and screams)
ext springfield jungle  100 million bc)#do not touch anything ? (wildly) i will touch whatever i feel like
do not touch anything ? (wildly) i will touch whatever i feel like#(frustrated grunts and insane giggles)
good morning dear#(wildly) what is my name ? what color is the sky ? what of donuts ? what ? (shaking marge) for the love of god tell meeeee
homer the sky is blue donuts are plentiful friday is tgif night on abc what is gotten into you ?#nothing nothing at all let's just eat
nothing nothing at all let's just eat#(shrugs to himself) eh close enough
huh ?#uh oh it is seeping in (bitterly) stupid cheap weather stripping
int simpson house  bathroom  day)#i can not believe my little boy is already going on his first date (singing soulfully) sunrise sunset / sunrise sunset / cat's in the cradle and the silver spoon / yes we have no bananas (sniffles)
oh that is sweet homer our son is growing up is not he ?#no it is not that did not you hear ? they have no bananas (breaking down) they have no bananas today
have you noticed any change in bart ?#new glasses ?
no he looks like something might be disturbing him#probably misses his old glasses
i guess we could get more involved in bart's activities but then i'd be afraid of smothering him#yeah and then we'd get the chair
that is not what i meant#it was marge admit it
well jessica i do not think we should hang out together anymore you are turning me into a criminal when all i want to be is a petty thug#oh good here comes the collection plate
(reading) thirty cents off shake 'n bake (admonishing) homer#we can spare it marge we have been blessed
he confessed#stop him he is headed for the window
int simpson house  night)#son if you can look me in the eye and say you did not take the collection money that is all i need
(looking him in the eye) i did not take it#why you little how can you look me in the eye and lie like that ?
homer stop that i believe him#tell me if he did not take the money why is he wearing those fancy clothes ?
that is what he wore to church#ooo how convenient
(long agonizing beat) no#see son ? telling the truth is not so bad
if you search her room i am certain you will find the money#to the little girl's room
kent i'd like to remind everybody to come down and watch me at the springfield laugh 'n brew 'n burgers 'n fries this saturday the forecast calls for a seventyfive percent chance of hilarity#i like those odds
lisa your father and i are very concerned about this warning i really hope you try harder#whew that is all of 'em (proudly) and i am so proud you did not try to forge my name how 'bout a present son ?
well i could use a new pair of hockey skates#done and done
that is not fair why is bart getting a present and i am getting chewed out ?#ah the mysteries of life
cheer up so you are not good at sports it is a very small part of life#(singing) sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports marge bart rides up in the front seat today because he is a good guy at sports
(singing) sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports marge bart rides up in the front seat today because he is a good guy at sports#(halting noise) i mean my little girl buddy
(whispering) i think lisa needs to feel a little special tonight how about letting her ride up front too ?#(to marge) i tried
int car  few minutes later)#(starts car) okay son just remember to have fun out there today and if you lose i will kill you
oh yes we won we won we won um unfortunately since i bet on the other team ah we will not be going for pizza#well boy you won so i am gonna live up to my side of the agreement here's your turtle alive and well
int simpson kitchen  that evening)#lisa if the bible has taught us nothing else and it has not it is that girls should stick to girl sports such as hot oil wrestling foxy boxing and such and such
lisa if the bible has taught us nothing else and it has not it is that girls should stick to girl sports such as hot oil wrestling foxy boxing and such and such#(annoyed grunt) oh ooh my  oh the hell with it
int skating rink locker room  a few days later)#okay hotshots now that my daughter is on your team i want to make a few things clear
(embarrassed) please dad i will be fine#(patronizing murmur) i do not want anyone to give her a hard time just because she is different no jokes no taunting (notices uter laughs) look that kid's got bosoms who is got a wet towel ?
(patronizing murmur) i do not want anyone to give her a hard time just because she is different no jokes no taunting (notices uter laughs) look that kid's got bosoms who is got a wet towel ?#come here you butterball
i can not even watch i do not know how you two can sit here laughing at poor lisa while she is out there probably scared to death#we are laughing with her marge there is a big difference
(screams)#(to marge) with her
absolutely honey by blocking the net i really think you helped your team#okay little buddy hop in
that is very nice dad but it is wrong for you to reward violent competitive behavior however i will sit up front with you if it is a fatherly gesture of love#okay hon
okay hon#sucker competitive violent that is why you are here
come watch tv with me dad we missed the first two episodes of cops but if we hurry we can catch the last three#ah sorry bart lisa and i are going out for gelato we'd ask you to come but (awkward) you know
hey milhouse knock him down if he is in your way jimbo jimbo go for the face look ralph wiggum lost his shin guard hack the bone hack the bone#(impressed) wow eye of the tiger mouth of a teamster (to bart) to think of all the time i wasted on you uh well not wasted (very sweetly) i love you
(panicked) mr honeybunny#quiet down bart
hm i better go check that out now homer do not you eat this pie#okay (to pie) all right pie i am just gonna do this
okay (to pie) all right pie i am just gonna do this#and if you get eaten it is your own fault
i do not care who started it i do not ever want to see you two fighting like that ever again we love you both you are not in competition with each other repeat you are not in competition with each other#hey apu just called this friday lisa's team is playing bart's team you are in direct competition and do not go easy on each other just because you are brother and sister i want to see you both fighting for your parents' love
hey apu just called this friday lisa's team is playing bart's team you are in direct competition and do not go easy on each other just because you are brother and sister i want to see you both fighting for your parents' love#fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight fight
int simpson kitchen  night)#(mouth full) pass the ketchup
you will have to do better than that tonight chump#i asked for ketchup i am eating salad here
hello#moe what are you doin' here ?
stop it stop it conserve your precious hatred for the game#now that we are all alone marge admit it you like lisa best
no#oh so you are a bart woman are you ?
no#well you can not possibly like maggie best what has she ever done ? nothin' for nobody
hi mom over here mom#(cheerfully) hi kids
int skating rink  a little while later)#i love bart
i love bart#no wait i love lisa
no wait i love lisa#beer oh marge i love you
int simpsons' living room  afternoon)#oh my god marge a penalty shot with only four seconds left it is your child versus mine the winner will be showered with praise the loser will be taunted and booed until my throat is sore
(tearfully) i have never been so proud of them#(sobbing)
(sobbing)#they are both losers losers
ew bart do not put the nonmarshmallow pieces back in the box they go in the trash#you like sweets kids ? (has a secret) i know a place that is sweeter than sweetness itself in this sweet place earthly donuts are sour as poison you would spit them out you would i am talking about the candy industry trade show (waving two brightly colored tickets)
how did you get tickets ?#they hid them in every millionth krusty klump bar and krusty klump bar with almonds
nometakememememe#sorry kids but this is one event i want my darling wife by my side
(pleased) oh well thank you homer but take one of the kids#(whiny) maarge they can not carry enough candy (pinching lisa's arm) they have puny little muscles not big ropey ones like you
homer are all these pockets necessary ?#they would not be if you were willing to sit in a hollowedout wheelchair
(panicked) mom how can you leave us with this maniac ?#hurry marge if we get there early we can get our pictures taken with the two surviving musketeers
mr goodbar to the front desk the front desk is looking for mr goodbar#(gasp) i feel like a kid in some kind of a store
(gasp) i feel like a kid in some kind of a store#(mouth full to salespeople) brilliant exquisite ooh you will do well gimme those etc
as you can see i have created a lemonball so sour it can only be safely contained in a magnetic field (turns to empty force field) the candy known as 77x42  (surprised noise) where the hell is the candy ?#i do not know
one a humorous substitute for your own lips#mmm hmm keep going
ah you are gonna have to put some sugar on that celery or get out ma'am#oooh  gummy bears gummy calves heads gummy jaw breakers
oooh  gummy bears gummy calves heads gummy jaw breakers#(mouth full) what dat ?
will you two stop saying "gummy" so much#must have rare gummy (whispering to marge) distract the salesman marge
(to crowd) oooh how'd they get there ? (weak laugh)#now this is going to take all my skill (chuckle)
halt halt#run marge save the booty
run marge save the booty#see you in hell candy boys
wheee#wait a minute wait a minute where is my gummy de milo ? okay do not panic she can not have gotten far she has no arms
i am sure it will turn up take the babysitter home now she is been sitting in the car for twenty minutes#relax marge there is plenty for her to do in there
relax marge there is plenty for her to do in there#see she is having the time of her life
int simpsons' car  night)#so a graduate student huh ? how come you guys can go to the moon but you can not make my shoes smell good ?
(confused) i am sorry ?#nobody's blaming you (beat) hey could you take the wheel for a second ? i have to scratch myself in two places at once
(creeped out) just drop me off here#(gasps then under his breath) precious venus
(gasps then under his breath) precious venus#(gurgles hungrily)
(gurgles hungrily)#hey kids lots of candy left for breakfast
(greedy "no way" moan)#oh no the candy conventioneers tracked us down
(pointing in window) there he is there is the man that sexually harassed me#(relieved sigh) for a minute there i thought i was in big trouble it is just a (annoyed grunt)
(chanting) two four six eight / homer's crime was very great (pause) "great" meaning "large or immense" / we used it in the pejorative sense#marge i swear i did not touch her you know how bashful i am i can not even say the word "titmouse" without giggling like a schoolgirl (schoolgirl titter)
you grabbed me in the car#oh that no i was just grabbing a gummy venus de milo that got stuck to your pants
boo#c'mon i am a decent guy
dad i do not understand what is she saying you did ?#well lisa remember that post card grampa sent us from florida of that alligator biting that woman's bottom ?
(laughing) oh yeah that was brilliant#that is right we all thought it was hilarious but it turns out we were wrong that alligator was sexually harassing that woman
and the dog in the coppertone ad ? same deal dad ?#well that is kind of a gray area
we know you are innocent dad#thanks kids
homer wake up wake up#do your worst protesters you can not stop me from living my life
(sternly) you people are not allowed in here#(glum) it is okay they are with me
int simpsons bedroom  night)#(sad sigh) they are ruining my whole life marge please this is where i need you the most i am counting on you to do something or say something to make it all better okay go
homer#(too eager) uhhuh ?
i already talked to the indignation coordinator out on the lawn today i told her you were a decent man but she would not listen besides standing by you and supporting you there is not anything more i can do#you mean i am on my own ? i have never been on my own (building panic) oh no on own on own i need help oh god help me help me god
you mean i am on my own ? i have never been on my own (building panic) oh no on own on own i need help oh god help me help me god#(nervously expectant eyes darting) y'ello ?
we are aware of your problems and mr simpson we want to help#hmm i saw that report you did on sasquatch it was fair and evenhanded i will do it
int rock bottom studio)#somebody had to take the babysitter home then i noticed she was sitting on the gummy venus so i grabbed it off of her oh just thinking about that sweet sweet candy (drools) i just wish i had another one right now but the most important thing is
that was really great mr simpson we got everything we need#okay say can you introduce me to the sasquatch ? i like his style
int simpsons  living room  later)#(gleefully) hee hee here comes the bouncing ball of justice
int living room  continuous)#awww crap
awww crap# somebody had to take the babysitter home then i noticed she was sitting on (bad edit)  her  "sweet can"  so i grabbed  her "sweet can" (drools) oh just thinking about  her "can" i just wish i had her  "sweet sweet sweet sweet can"
int simpson house)#(nervously covering) marge kids everything's gonna be just fine now go upstairs and pack your bags we are gonna start a new life under the sea (sighs dreamily)
ext underwater wonderland)#(singing) under the sea / under the sea / there'll be no accusations / just friendly crustaceans / under the sea
homer that is your solution to everything to move under the sea it is not gonna happen#not with that attitude
look maybe this whole thing will blow over#it did not blow over marge nothin' ever blows over for me
int simpsons upstairs bathroom  morning)#(screams)
int simpson living room  continuous)#hey that is a half truth
(preoccupied) yes yes yes that is fine good good#(slightly annoyed) whaa ?
portrait of an ass grabber" starring dennis franz#(grasping at straws) ooh "portrait" sounds classy (weakly) does not it ?
95 percent of the people believe homer simpson is guilty of course this is just a television poll which is not legally binding unless proposition 304 passes and we all pray it will#(sadly) i do not have a friend in the world
c'mon on let us through you vultures#oh marge it is a miracle
int simpson house)#(moan) i need a hug
(moan) i need a hug#how come you guys hesitated ?
it is just hard not to listen to tv it is spent so much more time raising us than you have#(moans) maybe tv is right tv's always right
(moans) maybe tv is right tv's always right#are you hugging the tv ?
ai yi yi es homer simpson me ha molestado ohh#(groans sadly) i like it better when they are making fun of people who are not me i know  "evening at the improv" they never talk about anything beyond the 1980s (changes channel)
(combo mr t and et voice) i pity the fool who does not phone home#(chuckles) oh i would not want to be mr t right now
the media's making a monster out of you because they do not care about the truth all they care about is entertainment well you need a forum where they do not even know the meaning of the word "entertainment"  public access television#(groans) but those shows all look so crummy
now it is time for the innocence report with homer simpson#hello i am homer simpson or as some of you wags have dubbed me "father goose" you know everybody believed the worst about me right away nobody cares that i did not do it but i did not okay look i have done some bad things in my life but harassing women is not one of them like one time they were having this race with this stupid oldtimey bicycles with the big wheel in front so i figured "we will see about that" so i get this big chunk of cinderblock and i
hello i am homer simpson or as some of you wags have dubbed me "father goose" you know everybody believed the worst about me right away nobody cares that i did not do it but i did not okay look i have done some bad things in my life but harassing women is not one of them like one time they were having this race with this stupid oldtimey bicycles with the big wheel in front so i figured "we will see about that" so i get this big chunk of cinderblock and i#oh gotta go innocent
int kitchen)#marge this is so depressing my only hope is this homemade prozac (tastes then) hmm needs more icecream
ah here we go#(gasps then under his breath) precious venus
(gasps then under his breath) precious venus#(calling after her) thank you
hmm homer i thought you were an animal but your daughter said you were a decent man i guess she was right#(warmly) you are both right
int simpsons living room  later)#huh ?
wow v8 juice is not oneeighth gasoline#and ted koppel is a robot
tomorrow on rock bottom (scary) he is a foreigner who takes perverted videos of you when you least suspect it he is rowdy roddy peeper#oh that man is sick
groundskeeper willie saved you homer#but listen to the music he is evil
has not this experience taught you you can not believe everything you hear ?#(warmly) marge my friend i have not learned a thing
(warmly) marge my friend i have not learned a thing#let's never fight again
int simpson house  master bedroom  monday night)#(dismissive) please marge how often can i see a movie of this caliber on latenight tv ?
is there something wrong homie ?#(distracted) no it is just that i have only seen this movie twice before and i have seen you every night for the last eleven ye (catches himself) what i meant to say is we will snuggle tomorrow sweetie i promise
(distracted) no it is just that i have only seen this movie twice before and i have seen you every night for the last eleven ye (catches himself) what i meant to say is we will snuggle tomorrow sweetie i promise#(very full) enchiladas
we need to talk about the marital difficulties we have been having lately#(sad) marge there is just too much pressure what with my job the kids traffic snarls political strife at home and abroad but i promise you the second all those things go away we will have sex
i simply can not wait that long maybe we should get some help how 'bout a book ?#(too interested) ooooookay
a tasteful book#(disappointed) oh all right
int bookstore  elsewhere  a little later)#hey marge this guy looks like apu
oh i am just reading up on artillery#yes (opening book) and i am pursuing my interest in (scream)
(low) this one's a good choice and it is not too smutty it is a book on tape by paul harvey you know that nice midwestern man on the radio who is like a pleasant version of grampa#(reading title) oooh "mr and mrs erotic american"
int simpson house  master bedroom  that night)#(glum) n  (beat)  yes but please do not you say that word
homeie i can not quite#faucet's jammed into my back i am stuck
the arabian nights room looks nice#ooh the pharaoh's chamber has a vibrating sarcophagus
the uh toilet is overflowing in the uh caveman room#oh here we are (suggestively) the "utility room"
this is not very erotic i think it is an actual utility room#no honey it is a romantic fantasy (selling it) i imagine i am the janitor and you are the janitor's wife who has to live with me in the utility room
welcome home son i broke two lamps and lost all your mail what is wrong with your wife ?#(glum) never mind you would not understand
flu ?#(glum) no
protein deficiency ?#(glum) no
pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis ?#(glum) no
what ? (too loud) "sex ?" what is so unappealing about hearin' yer elderly father talk about sex ? i had sex#(nauseated sound)
int retirement castle  grampa's room  then)#you are home safe done my duty see ya the next time we need your signature
int simpson house  foyer  five minutes later)#(very fast) kidshere'sfiftydollarswhynotgotothemoviesthentakeacabtoyouraunts'housestaytherephonecallyoulaternownownow
(giggles) oh homey what is#(debonair) marge i will explain to you afterwards
(satisfied moan) here he is rex harrison and paul anka rolled into one (shiver of delight) that tonic really works you and grampa should bottle it and go into business together#(dubious) you want me to spend more time with dad ? what about my new year's resolution ?
you could make a lot of money#yeah (suddenly enthusiastic) where are my pants ?
int retirement castle  grampa's room  later)#hoo mama this is finally really happening after years of disappointments with getrichquickschemes i know i am gonna get rich with this scheme and quick
hoo mama this is finally really happening after years of disappointments with getrichquickschemes i know i am gonna get rich with this scheme and quick#sir hello sir yes you look like a man who needs help satisfying his wife
sir hello sir yes you look like a man who needs help satisfying his wife#(rubbing nose) ow i guess people have some sort of "moral objection" to our sexdrug
frigid falls mount seldom lake flaccid#(snide) great i am gonna be stuck in the car all weekend with that wheezy windbag
and that is what is wrong with bart's generation now as for your generation#(sigh)
now sir you have never seen me before is that correct ?#(stilted) that is correct
you are the worst shill i ever seen you are a disgrace to the medicine show business#they did not start chasing us until you turned on that getaway music
hey wait a minute that is amos pierson's moose farm make a right here#ewww why're we stopping at this dump ?
ewww why're we stopping at this dump ?#(touched) wow (then excited) let's go find that hot dog tree i planted
yah ooh ow wah (etc)#(mocking laugh)
(mocking laugh)#ow
quitcher daydreamin' melonhead#(a bit sad) dad how come you never gave me any encouragement ? maybe i could've been something more than i am like a travel agent to a great scientist or the inventor of a hilarious refrigerator alarm
int station wagon  country road  minutes later)#your whole life you never said one nice thing to me
that is 'cause you are a screwup#you are the screwup
why you little#(choking sounds then) all right that is it we are goin' home i am sick of you and your stupid tonic
if i hadn't taken that stupid tonic 38 years ago you woulda never been born and i'da been happy you were an accident#(very hurt gasp scream)
(very hurt gasp scream)#(creepily calm) get out
i am sorry i said that#out
homie are you really going to ignore grampa for the rest of your life ?#of course not marge just for the rest of his life (off her look) he said i was an accident he did not want to have me
you did not want to have bart#i know but you are never supposed to tell the child
you tell bart all the time you told him this morning#but when i do it it is cute
int simpson kitchen  the next day)#kids your daddy and his daddy are involved in a very sticky nutty chewy chocolatey put it away boy situation and your daddy has realized something very important a father should always make his kids feel wanted starting right now i promise to spend a lot more time with you and give you the attention you deserve
aw nuts#dad
ext simpson house  driveway  afternoon)#son my dear son from now on i am going to be a good and attentive father and for starters your "old man" is gonna teach you how to ride your very first bike
that is a girl's bike#you are no girl you are a boy a good boy you can be president scratch that you will be president
(calling) dad#i think lisa needs another push on her new tire swing
no dad i want to get down this tire is filthy and the steel belts are poking me#(pushing her) wheeee wheeee
no offense homer but your halfassed underparenting was a lot more fun than your halfassed overparenting#(hurt) bbut i am using my whole ass
dad it is just that too much of your love can really be scary#(sadly) some day you will thank me for all this scary love but now i have gotta go somewhere and do some serious thinking
int simpson farmhouse  living room  continuous)#here's where it all started to go wrong how'm i supposed to be a good dad when i never had one myself ?
here's where it all started to go wrong how'm i supposed to be a good dad when i never had one myself ?#(moan) dad wasn't even around on christmas morning when i actually got to meet santa claus some father (then a revelation) wait a minute
(moan) dad wasn't even around on christmas morning when i actually got to meet santa claus some father (then a revelation) wait a minute#(surprised) dad ? (touched) this photo is a blessing it eases my pain (beat yells in pain)
(surprised) dad ? (touched) this photo is a blessing it eases my pain (beat yells in pain)#i am a screwup i burned down our house
no i am a screwup i burned down our house#(kind) you know what ?
what ?#we are both screwups
it does not matter what matters is you were right when you told me i never said anything nice about you#(moved) so are you gonna say something nice now ?
(looks in his eyes) okay here it goes i am not sorry i had you son and i was always proud that you weren't a short man#aw dad
whaddya say we roll on the grass son ?#i am with you dad
(serious) oh i need some coffee before i black out homer pass me the sugar#(to himself) this is gonna to be great
yeah#(pleading) ah come on everybody this bar is like a tavern to me
and i am pulling your favorite song out of the juke box#(gasp) "it is raining men ?"
oww (reading label suddenly intrigued) ohh#(chuckles) jokes on them i am still alive
cheer up homer#can not
what if you pretended that this couch were a bar ? then you could spend more nights at home with us huh ?#i am not going to dignify that with an answer
look on the bright side dad did you know that the chinese use the same word for crisis as they do for opportunity ?#(lying) yes crisatunity (with rising conviction) you are right i have been wasting my life away in that dump for years that is it i am going to find a new bar to drink in and i am gonna get drunker than i have been in my entire life bart where is my wallet ?
(proud) right here dad#thank you
int upscale bar)#wow classy
good evening sir would you please leave without a fuss right now ?#(meekly) okay
int cheerslike bar  night)#hmmm this looks like a nice friendly place
whoa settle down normie gotta save those pipes for karaoke#(appalled noise)
i just left my first session and i have not even opened my mouth yet#(suspicious) wait a minute there is something bothering me about this place (realizing) i know  this lesbian bar does not have a fire exit (resolute) enjoy your death trap ladies
(too innocent) "homer ?" who is homer ? my name is guy incognito#(gasps) graargh oh my god this man is my exact double (gasps with equal astonishment) that dog has a puffy tail
(gasps) graargh oh my god this man is my exact double (gasps with equal astonishment) that dog has a puffy tail#here puff here puff (giggles)
here puff here puff (giggles)#the last bar in springfield if they do not let me in here i am gonna have to quit drinking
the last bar in springfield if they do not let me in here i am gonna have to quit drinking#shut up liver
shut up liver#(puzzled) ooh my liver hurts
int "the little black box")#i'd like a beer please
sorry you gotta be a pilot to drink in here#uh but i am a pilot
where is your uniform ?#i stowed it safely in the overhead compartment
you#(fumfering) but i 
(threatening) hey you are not just impersonating a pilot so you can drink here are you ?#(confessing sadly) yeah that is exactly why i am here
int cockpit  a little later)#but i keep tellin' ya i am not a pilot
hi i am alan i am your copilot#uh yeah um uh as a change of pace i am gonna let you do most of the work i think you are ready for it alan
uh yeah um uh as a change of pace i am gonna let you do most of the work i think you are ready for it alan#and um ah i will just uh get us started
if word gets out about this kwazy klown airlines will be a laughing stock in exchange for your silence i am prepared to offer your family free tickets to anywhere in the united states (quickly) excluding alaska and hawaii the freak states#woo hoo
int simpson's house  later)#good news everybody because i endangered lives we can fly anywhere we want
(concerned murmur) i do not know homer we are right in the middle of the busy housekeeping season#but marge you deserve a vacation it is a chance for you to clean up after us in a whole other state
i do not want to be a wet blanket but getting on a plane like that seems like a hassle coupled with a burden#come on marge i want to shake off the dust of this onehorse town i want to explore the world i want to watch tv in a different time zone i want to visit strange exotic malls i am sick of eating hoagies i want a grinder a sub a footlong hero i want to live marge will not you let me live ? will not you please ?
int airplane  coach class  continuous)#(eating peanuts) so marge pretty sweet eh ?
(hushed) see dad i told you mom would have problems#marge what is wrong ? are you hungry ? sleepy ? gassy ? gassy ? is it gas ? it is gas is not it ?
homer i have never told you this before but i am not a good flyer (short building screams) i have to get off the plane let me off the plane (increasing volume) i am asking you nicely to open the doors#take it easy marge how 'bout if we dope you up real good ?
ext airplane runway  a little later)#(consoling) it is okay marge we do not need to go on a trip we will just wait for the killer bees to come to us
int simpson living room  continuous)#i am sure it is nothing
yes but i'd rather not talk about it#permit me to solve the mystery your mother has a fear of flying
well everybody's got a fear of something#(smugly) not everybody
sock puppets#(jumps terrified) where ? where ? (screams)
sure as sugar (odd chuckle)#lisa the important thing is for your mother to repress what happened push it deep down inside her so she will never annoy us again
judge jury and executioner all rolled into one you are#(small crushed groan)
no no honey it is all right really i am fine i am all right (becomes quiet intense muttering) mother always said "do not complain be good behave behave be nice smile be polite do not make waves"#you heard your mother's ramblings she is fine so behave
int simpson's bedroom  late that night)#marge it is three am should not you be baking ?
mm no i do not need therapy i am fine and it is too expensive#and i do not believe in it it breaks up families turns wives against husbands children against fathers neighbors against me you do not have to pay some fancy psychiatrist ten bucks an hour to get top notch therapy
thank you for calling "radio psychic" do you have a song request ?#"it is raining men"
int video store)#now marge "dear abby" says seeing films about air travel can calm your fears ooh here are some upbeat titles (selling) "hero" "fearless" "alive"
dad mom's getting worse you have to take her to see a real psychiatrist look how tense she is#she is fine
she is fine#oh
int lobby  continuous)#every since you started therapy all you can do is talk about yourself well what about me marge ?
every since you started therapy all you can do is talk about yourself well what about me marge ?#all right lisa you got your way your mom's going to a psychiatrist she is gonna tell marge to leave me it will break up the family and you will have to live with your grandmother and pick beans
dad i like picking beans with grandma#well keep it up then
okay i will#good you do that
fine#(beat) you will be picking many a bean
huh this has nothing to do with you simpson i have many many issues with my beloved smother  mother#bart leave that man alone with his pain and sit down
int doctor zweig's office)#all right how much do you charge ?
if money's a problem i charge on a sliding scale i can go as low as thirty dollars an hour#keep sliding
thirty dollars will be fine#whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa first what are your qualifications ?
well#oh no i am not here to take a reading test i wanna see some credentials
(looking at watch) but it is a few seconds before 1200#(accusingly) you see ? you see ? "i" just left "my" first session and "i" have not opened "my" mouth yet
int simpson's living room  that night)#(blurting to marge) did you talk about me in therapy today ?
i do not think so#(panicked) tell me the truth (suddenly) do not tell her i raised my voice do not (sweaty giggle) happy family happy family
ready for breakfast doctor smith ?#oh being stuck on this god forsaken planet has vanquished what little appetite i have (eating noises)
warning warning doctor smith refuses to do his astro chores#why you clattering clank of(to mrs robinson) my dear lady as you well know my back is a disaster area d'oh the pain d'oh the pain of it all
(still peeved) you know marge we have really just begun to scratch the surface there is still the far more serious problem of your husband#that is okay you do not have to make her into some kind of superwoman she can get on a plane that is plenty
int airplane)#do not worry about a thing honey i am gonna help you through this
do not worry about a thing honey i am gonna help you through this#those are all normal noises luggage compartment closing crosschecking just sit back and relax
ext airport runway)#that is just the engine powering up that is just the engine struggling
that is just the engine powering up that is just the engine struggling#that is just a carp swimming around your ankles
(calm) hm emergency call gotta go#what should we do until you get back ?
put a pan down there#(disappointed sound) aw it did not work
int simpson car)#lousy traffic jams (chuckles) the traffic report'll get me outta this one
hi dad#(dismissive sound)
ext power plant)#hey how come you guys got such great parking places ?
int homer's workstation)#all right econosave you just made the list
int lenny and carl workstation)#hey will you guys help me fix my
hey will you guys help me fix my#hey how come you guys got better chairs than me ?
int power plant  later)#hey you guys wanna go bowling tonight ?
yeah we got uh things to do#(suspiciously) like what ?
it is a secret#shut up
int simpson house)#i saved your life that egg sandwich could have killed you by cholesterol
i saved your life that egg sandwich could have killed you by cholesterol#so anyway lenny and carl are never around on wednesdays and they do not tell me where they go it is like a conspiracy
a conspiracy eh ? you think they might be involved in the kennedy assassination in some way ?#(thoughtfully) i do now (beat) anyway i am gonna follow them tonight and see where they go
oh homer do not start stalking people again it is so illegal remember when you were stalking charles kuralt because you thought he dug up your garden ?#(shrugging) well something did
(firmly) i do not want you stalking anyone tonight#oh okay have it your own way marge (slyly) i will be back in a minute i am going outside (thinks) to stalk (thinks) lenny and carl (annoyed grunt)
ext lenny's house)#(chuckles) all i have to do is follow the yellow drip road
ext temple roof)#hee hee hee i can see everything and they are none the wiser hee hee hee
int temple)#(worried noise)
int power plant  next day)#i saw weird stuff in that place last night weird strange sick twisted eerie godless evil stuff and i want in
(to lenny) oh well that was a real nice secret organization we had once#stonecutters eh ? how do i join ?
there are only two ways to gain membership be the son of a stonecutter#next
forget it homer while it has been established that eggs contain cholesterol it has not yet been proven conclusively that they actually raise the level of serum cholesterol in the human bloodstream#so one of those eggcounsel creeps got to you too huh ?
(shiftyeyed) you got it all wrong homer it is not like that#you would better run egg
int simpson home  master bedroom)#why do not people like me marge ?
everyone likes you you are a wonderful person#then why do not those stupid idiots let me in their crappy club for jerks ?
i am sure it is nothing personal homer#it is it is been happening to me all my life
it says "no homers" we are allowed to have one#(disappointed noise)
(disappointed noise)#(pathetic) i felt so left out
int simpson house  dining room)#i'd give anything to get into the stonecutters
i am a member#what do they do ? what do not they do (chuckles) oh they do so many things they never stop oh the things they do there my stars
you do not know what they do there do you ?#not as such no
dad remember those selfhypnosis classes we took to help us ignore grampa ?#do i ever it is five years later and i still think i am a chicken i am a chicken marge
i am a member#huh ?
(startled) what ?#what ?
i am an elk a mason a communist i am the president of the gay and lesbian alliance for some reason ah here it is the stonecutters#this is it my ticket in they have to let me join if i am the son of a member
this is it my ticket in they have to let me join if i am the son of a member#i will take this communist one too
int temple)#comin' through can not throw me out my father's a member i am in i am in
okay okay homer you are in just do not point that thing at me#(hugging him) aw thanks lenny when am i gonna be initiated ?
as soon as number one gets here#number one ? ha ha what kind of stupid wiener name is that ? (mocking) "hello my name is number one" (gives up trying to mock it) and so forth
we call each other by number not by name carl is number 14 i am number 12 burnsie is number 29#you outrank mr burns here ?
(to self) patience monty climb the ladder#(low to moe) is he the leader ?
(low) of this chapter there are chapters all over the world and it has been foretold that someday a chosen one will#okay okay i did not ask for your life story
all stonecutters must take the leap of faith if you survive this fivestory plunge your character will be proven#(terrified whimper)
happy landings#i think i have to do it again my blindfold came off
and this we call "the unblinking eye"#hey have you ever noticed that the "crossing the desert" is a lot like "the unblinking eye" and it is exactly like "the wreck of the hesperus" ?
the paddling of the swollen ass with paddles#(solemnly) and by the sacred parchment i swear that if i reveal the secrets of the stonecutters may my stomach become bloated and my head be plucked of all but three hairs
well to be honest i never got around to ordering that part for ya so uh it is still gonna be a couple of weeks#(slyly) oh really ?
(equally sly) yes#(incredibly sly) really ?
(getting pissed) yes yes#(reading) "but what if i were to shake your hand in this wise ?"
ext freeway)#heh heh heh so long suckers
same old space huh dad ?#(proudly) yep but they gave me these rollerblades so i can glide to the front door
(proudly) yep but they gave me these rollerblades so i can glide to the front door#(cockily) heh heh heh heh sweet
(cockily) heh heh heh heh sweet#jealous ?
well no we have got the same chair#(smug) you are jealous
your membership pack#what is this ?
you put that sticker on your car so you will not get any tickets and this other one keeps paramedics from stealing your wallet while they are working on you#everything lasts forever
oh and do not bother calling nine one one anymore here's the real number#(sly impressed sound)
i still do not believe all the founding fathers were stonecutters#that is because you trust your stupid school books here's what really happened at the signing of the declaration of independence
we just created the greatest democracy on earth you lowlife commoner#you wanna see how davy crockett really died at the alamo ? you must be 18
homer a man who called himself "you know who" just invited you to a secret "wink wink" at the "you know what" you certainly are popular now that you are a stonecutter#oh yeah (consults appointment book) beer busts beer blasts keggers stein hoists aa meetings beer night it is wonderful marge i have never felt so accepted in all my life these people looked deep within my soul and assigned me a number based on the order in which i joined
who robs cave fish of their sight ? /#who rigs every oscar night ? /
thank you tonight we are here to commemorate our glorious society's 1500th anniversary and in honor of this momentous occasion we are having ribs#(to himself) uhoh i need a bib if i slop any on my shirt i could lose the respect of my beloved brethren
(to himself) uhoh i need a bib if i slop any on my shirt i could lose the respect of my beloved brethren#(hopefully) the black panthers ?
(stage whisper) homer#huh ? oh yeah thanks lenny
(outraged mumbling) / this is just appalling and outrageous#what ? did i miss something ?
and the official stonecutter underwear too#(moan)
(moan)#please do not kick me out this society is everything to me please give me another chance i have learned my lesson
please do not kick me out this society is everything to me please give me another chance i have learned my lesson#i have learned my lesson
(outraged mumbling) / that is it#(realizing) oh sorry
(gasps) the mark#oh that it is just a birth mark and i will thank you not to stare
(awed) you are the chosen one whom the sacred parchment prophesied would lead us to glory (grandly) now to the top of mount springfield for the coronation remove the stone of shame#woohoo
attach the stone of triumph#(groan)
(groan)#(giggles then awed) wow mental note do not overdo this
(giggles then awed) wow mental note do not overdo this#peekaboo
int simpson house  living room)#i always wondered if there was a god and now i know there is and it is me
remember dad all glory is fleeting#so ?
beware the ides of march#no
do not you see ? getting what you want all the time will ultimately leave you unfulfilled and joyless#(absently) remove the girl
another strike for the chosen one hurrah#woo hoo
absolutely#woo hoo
woo hoo#(studying his cards) i am out
no no homer you have a royal sampler#oh i win again do not i ? (listless) woo hoo
(adlibbing) "good one chosen one" etc#you know i think you guys are lettin' me win
no no no no no no no#from now on i want you to be honest with me i mean i am not perfect right ?
yay#lisa you were right my happiness is fading
you are experiencing spiritual emptiness because your power has isolated you from other human beings#what do you mean isolated ? (echoing) atedatedatedated
well maybe you could reach out to the community and help other people#hm i could help others i will get a bunch of monkeys dress them up and make them reenact the civil war (laughs)
dad that does not help people#could not hurt  unless the monkeys start hurting people which they almost certainly would
int temple)#brothers brothers
aw homie (brightening) you know you are a member of a very exclusive club#(quietly sincere) brothers i have learned a wonderful lesson helping others makes our own lives better and makes us better people so instead of just shooting pool and drinking beer let us stonecutters use what we have to help the less fortunate
int simpson house)#(happy and serene) you were right lisa i have never felt so spiritually fulfilled and with my brothers the stonecutters behind me this is the beginning of a better world for all of us
silence i now call to order the first meeting of the ancient mystic society of nohomers#(hopefully) hey fellas can i join ?
(glumpet hillbilly laugh)#(sad noise)
int stonecutters temple  tight on homer)#loyal stonecutters let us begin our reenactment of the battle of gettysburg
loyal stonecutters let us begin our reenactment of the battle of gettysburg#(sad groan)
homer you can not just keep hanging out with these colobus monkeys somebody's gonna get parasites#oh marge kids i miss my club
(over whistle rings) i meant our wedding rings#you know marge you are right the simpson family is the best possible club i could belong to
int simpson living room)#(pained) this club'd better be worth it
incorrect look a canal#go knightboat go
or a fjord#quiet (shuts eyes) i will not hear another word against the boat
okay tv off it is family time#(groans) but marge knightboat the crime solving boat
homer#(quickly) it was bart
why do not we all look at the photo album ?#(wistful) so many memories aw look knightboat
aw#thanks honey bank shot
thanks honey bank shot#and here's our tv next to the mirror (proudly) it looks like we have two
(impatient) yeah yeah yeah two let's get to the baby pictures#(groan) moom
(groan) moom#that is exciting
why are not there any pictures of maggie ?#well i am glad you asked it is actually a very interesting story
(unhappy groan)#it all began about two years ago before maggie was even born bart you were lisa's age and lisa (thinking) you were the age bart was several years ago
get the camera ready bart very seepy#listen carefully and my words will shape images as clear as any tv show (then grand) it was a tumultuous time for our nation the clear beverage craze gave us all a reason to live (more)
listen carefully and my words will shape images as clear as any tv show (then grand) it was a tumultuous time for our nation the clear beverage craze gave us all a reason to live (more)#the information superhighway showed the average person what some nerd thinks about "star trek" and the domestication of the dog continued unabated
int power plant  homer's work station  day)#i was at my work station when suddenly
(alan rickman voice) attention american workers your plant has been taken over by an allstar team of freelance terrorists#(brave) not on my shift
int mr burns' office)#oh no you do not
oh no you do not#(suave) simpson ten terrorists eight
homer tell the story right#(disappointed) okay
your paychecks gentlemen#woo hoo this is it with this single glorious check i am finally completely out of debt
good aim dad#yes with my bills paid off i can finally quit this lousy job
but homer how're you gonna make a living ?#do not worry about homer j i have got a plan a plan that'll fix you good
hey what did we do ?#sorry that just slipped out i will miss ya
int power plant  mr burns' office)#did you hear me ? i said i quit monty and since i quit i can do anything i want
is that so ?#(coy) ooh lovely desk it would be too bad if someone oh i do not know did not use a coaster
(coy) ooh lovely desk it would be too bad if someone oh i do not know did not use a coaster#such a nice tidy office maybe it is time you started living like a pig
such a nice tidy office maybe it is time you started living like a pig#oh i hope i have not upset you bongo head
(moving to the beat) he is gettin' a pretty good sound outta that guy#that is for employing me for eight years ha ha
that is for employing me for eight years ha ha#(dusting hands) and that is that goodbye mindnumbing backbreaking labor forever hello dream job in paradise
int somewhere)#(reverent sigh) and now the final phase of my plan
(reverent sigh) and now the final phase of my plan#hey barney any chance you can get me a job here ?
(gruff) sure#woo hoo
(to homer) show up tomorrow bring three rags oh and a change of pants#why ?
i do not know if it is such a good idea can we get by on a pinmonkey salary ?#do not worry marge i have come up with a perfectly balanced budget there will be exactly enough money for you me bart and lisa if we make a few small sacrifices
(skeptical murmur)#from now on we use regular toilet paper not that fancy quilted kind
from now on we use regular toilet paper not that fancy quilted kind#and only one of you kids can go to college
fine#that night your mother and i went out for a romantic evening to celebrate the start of our new life we began with dinner and dancing followed by a stroll on the beach
that night your mother and i went out for a romantic evening to celebrate the start of our new life we began with dinner and dancing followed by a stroll on the beach#(dreamy) marge
(also dreamy) homer#i have got sand in my underpants
me too let's go home#i love you marge
i love you too homie#everything in our lives is finally perfectly balanced i hope things stay exactly like this forever
(disgusted noise) did you have to be so graphic ?#it is okay marge they pave the way for this kind of filth in school
so dad were you excited that mom was pregnant ?#(then to kids) actually your mother hadn't told me yet at that time i had no idea maggie even existed
daaad#(obliviously) hi maggie
(obliviously) hi maggie#so anyhoo back then there was no way for me to know your mother was pregnant
(retching noises)#marge you tie up the bathroom every morning i have got to wash my hair
int bowling alley  day)#the next few weeks at my dream job were like a wonderful waking coma
the next few weeks at my dream job were like a wonderful waking coma#mmm bowling fresh
mmm bowling fresh#mmm urinal fresh
homer did you polish your head in the "shineo ballo ?"#no
okay then#i slowly learned the intricate mysteries of the alley like where the pins go after they are knocked down
i slowly learned the intricate mysteries of the alley like where the pins go after they are knocked down#i was in heaven if horse racing is the sport of kings then surely bowling is a very good sport as well
hey great job homer / thanks a lot/ you are the best (etc)#(singing) i am gonna make it after all
homie i#can not talk praying (then) dear lord the gods have been good to me and i am thankful for the first time in my life everything is absolutely perfect just the way it is
(sinking murmur)#(suspicious) hey wait a minute what are all these presents ? it looks like you are "showering" marge with gifts
(suspicious) hey wait a minute what are all these presents ? it looks like you are "showering" marge with gifts#(modestly) well it was my major
(modestly) well it was my major#so here's the deal you freeze everything as it is and i will not ask for anything more if that is okay please give me absolutely no sign (short beat then quickly) okay deal in gratitude i present you this offering of cookies and milk if you want me to eat them for you give me no sign (beat) thy will be done
ext bowling alley)#ah another perfect day in my perfect life with my perfect job
hey just heard the news over the squawk box that is nice work homer#thank you thank you very much it is nice work
oh mr simpson i have just heard about the little bundle of joy congratulations sir#it is true the bundle is little but i am not in it for the money
hey homer way to get marge pregnant heh heh heh#this is getting very abstract but thank you i do enjoy working at the bowling alley
(feigning shock) oh really#man it is windy as hell out there
ext krusty klown kollege)#hmmm with little tiny babysized gifts (then shrugging) well i will be in the tub
by the way congratulations on your new job homer#new job ? marge is pregnant ? nooooo
wow dad you really threw a tantrum like a little sissy girl ?#oh just that one time
actually when i was about to have bart#you are pregnant ?
and then when i told him about lisa#you are pregnant again ?
you are pregnant again ?#well who would not be upset ? that new baby in your mother's womb was a ticking time bomb threatening to blow this family eight ways from sunday (to bart and lisa) hey where're you going ?
ooh i do not have that#(moan) you are pregnant we are gonna have to have a baby all our financial plans are ruined we are doomed doomed i tells ya
homer let your father tell the story#(indignant) yeah
okay but i know funny#anyhoo
anyhoo#(muffled) we are doomed
homer you had a head#check
and your bottom was a little bigger#(disappointed noise)
you have worked hard at the bowling alley why do not you ask for a raise ?#yeah a raise i have never been good enough at any job to deserve one before but i am damn good at this one (determined) that is it i am gonna march right up to al and say
int bowling alley)#steve  i mean al i think i deserve a raise
when he is done in there i gotta go#how about if i triple the business ? then could i get a raise ?
int simpson house  dining room)#of course
ext bowling alley)#bowling bowling here (fires) come bowl now get yer bowling who is ready ? bowling
(embarrassed) oh#my marketing plan attracted a record number of police and fire officials but few stayed to bowl i failed quitting my dream job was the hardest thing i have ever done
anyway we all pitched in and we got you this little goin' away thing#(choking up) this was the happiest time of my life i will never forget you guys especially you joey
(big wave) see ya 'round mr homer#do not worry joey we will make it to california some day
(adlib fun)#i needed more money to support my growing family and there was only one place in town that a man like me could make it
(sweetly) yes are you a new applicant ?#actually i quit and i came to get my job back
so come crawling back eh ?#seems like the classy thing to do would be not to call attention to it
int homer's work station)#(very sad) thanks for giving me my old job back
ext simpson house  that evening)#(to himself) i have never been so miserable in all my life but i can not take it out on marge and the kids i have got to carry the burden all by myself
(to himself) i have never been so miserable in all my life but i can not take it out on marge and the kids i have got to carry the burden all by myself#(very sweetly) hi honey how are you ?
well actually #i can not go on with this charade any longer i hate my job i hate my life and ever since i found out about this baby there is been nothing but bad luck
my contractions started an hour ago#it is just in one ear and out the other with you is not it marge
argh  you are truly the catch of the day#it is wonderful it is magical oh boy here it comes  another mouth
one more push should do it#(fake enthusiasm) marvelous
congratulations mr simpson you have a beautiful healthy baby#(trying to sound enthused) okay
(trying to sound enthused) okay#(confused sound)
homie i think someone is saying hello#(quietly moved) hello aw it is a boy (gasp) and what a boy
uh that is the umbilical cord it is a girl#a girl oh marge we have a wonderful baby girl not just a girl the most beautiful baby girl in the whole world
int gangster's car)#come on marge show a little enthusiasm
so you loved her right from the start#(tickling maggie giggling) absolutely
then why no pictures ?#oh there are pictures i keep them where i need the most cheering up
noooooooooooooooo#and then i sped away without anyone seeing my license plate
sounds like you had a good day today dad#yeah except i forgot to go to work
int simpson car)#will you all stop worrying about that stupid comet ? it is going to be destroyed did not you hear what the guy in the building said ?
then it is unanimous we are going to approve the bill to evacuate the town of springfield in the great state of#(interrupting) lisa the whole reason we have elected officials is so we do not have to think all the time just like that rain forest scare a few years back our officials saw there was a problem and they fixed it did not they ?
no dad i do not think#(interrupting raising finger) there is that word again
homer what if this does not work ?#well then i have a backup plan see while the unprepared are still sitting around twiddling their thumbs and going (makes dopey "other" people sounds) doodoodoodeedoododoo (etc)
dad the plan#i am getting to that so anyway they are going doodeedoododoo (etc)
dad#so anyway we get in our car and take the bridge out of town while all the while they are still going doodeedoododoo (etc)
daaad they are firing the rocket#all right
we are doomed#it is at times like this i wish i were a religious man
turn it off#just a second
just a second#what is everyone so worked up about ? so there is a comet big deal it will burn up in our atmosphere and whatsever left will be no bigger than a chihuahua's head
wow dad maybe you are right#of course i am right if i am not may we all be horribly crushed from above somehow
(worried groan)#okay if you are that worried about it let's go down to the bomb shelter
we have a bomb shelter ?#(proudly) homer simpson takes care of his family
ext flanders' backyard)#(calling) flanders open up
hidehoeroonie neighbor what can i do you for ?#get out of there my family needs to use your bomb shelter
(chuckles) i kinda figured this might happen so i built the shelter big enough for both our families#no deal out
one more hour#an hour i can not wait another hour what is keeping that stupid comet ?
an hour i can not wait another hour what is keeping that stupid comet ?#there it is
all right#i can not get the (struggling sounds) i can not get the door closed somebody's going to have to get out
and it will need somebody to dispense drinks ie me um and someone will have to run the power uh you can do that homer#(lying) uh yeah i can do that
okay let's start again we will need laughter religious enlightenment gossip  that is mrs lovejoy#wait a minute we all know the one thing we will not need in the future left handed stores that is you flanders
left handed stores that is you flanders#(hushed voice to kids) i am terribly sorry (normal voice) flanders is the only useless person here if anyone dies it should be him (hushed) i am sorry please forgive me (normal voice) so let's kick flanders out (hushed) sorry
say moe was it a duck ?#no no shut up shut up stop it stop it i can not take this anymore i can not let that brave man out there die alone i am surprised and disgusted by all of you especially his children i am goin' out there
no no shut up shut up stop it stop it i can not take this anymore i can not let that brave man out there die alone i am surprised and disgusted by all of you especially his children i am goin' out there#(quickly) and it was a baby ox
(stunned) yeah dad was right#i know kids i am scared too
(shrugs) so i will just make some more money crank out some cheesy merchandise#i am holding still i am squirming
ext freeway)#(gasp) it must be the first of the month new billboard day
(chuckles) finders keepers#(reading) "this year give her english muffins" (salutes) whatever you say mr billboard
(reading) "this year give her english muffins" (salutes) whatever you say mr billboard#(reading) "best in the west" (chuckles) it rhymes
(reading) "best in the west" (chuckles) it rhymes#(snorts disapprovingly) clown college ? you can not eat that
int power plant  homer's work station)#(satisfied) well i got everything i was supposed to get i am not going to enroll in that clown college though that advertisement had no effect on me whatsoever
hey homer the section you are supposed to be monitoring is on fire#(chuckles) clowns are funny
i think i will have some wine#(slowly) marge
yes homie ? (makes small calliope noise)#that is it you people have stood in my way long enough (proclamation) i am going to clown college
i do not think any of us expected him to say that#hurry up  it is my first day of clown college
yeah dad it was bad enough when you tried to pass yourself off as tom bosley but krusty#you weren't complaining when i got you this close to chachi
new hampshire#homer
those are supposed to be baggy pants baggy#ooh i have never had a pair of pants that fit this well in my life
okay memorize these funny place names walla walla keokuk cucamonga seattle#(laughing uncontrollably) stop it you are killing me seattle (continues laughing)
and now everybody's favorite the "spin cycle fantastique" trick it is a great piece of buffoonery if you pull it off but if you blow it you will look like a fool#steady steady
now when the wealthy dowager comes in the party's over right ? wrong#(to himself) kill wealthy dowager
int simpson house)#(laughs)
this is the happiest day of my life (getting shocked) ayahha#got it no shock for me (titters)
oh yeah ?#(pained noises)
(through speaker) and now to help introduce our fantastic new burger the one with ketchup here he is coming in by parachute krusty the klown#(not a very good krusty laugh)
(not a very good krusty laugh)#(reading stilted) to audience i  now  proclaim  this  new  burger for sale
(reading stilted) to audience i  now  proclaim  this  new  burger for sale#(pained and out of breath) lord save me
it is the krusty burglar#(gasp) omigod he is stealing all the burgers why you little  i have got you
ext milhouse's house)#(feebly) hey hey
(feebly) hey hey#and  then  take  that and  put  that  in  there  and ah here's your giraffe little girl
i am a boy#that is the spirit never give up
hey nice threads#(wearily) i am beat and after work i have got to dedicate a new jiffy lube and cohost the ace awards
boy you are really running yourself ragged#oh yeah when i started this clown thing i thought it would be nothing but glory you know the glory of being a clown ? i tell ya it is hard tiring work but when i see the smiles on their little faces i just know they are getting ready to jab me with something
well my time's almost up here so uh i'd just like to say (quickly) i know woody allen#and now the winner for the most promising new series on cable old "starsky and hutches"
let's walk and talk i ah i have some wonderful stories about other famous people that include me in some way#uh can not i have got to go distract bulls at a rodeo
hey me too we can go together#uh no i am going a different way than you dick
(chuckles) your churlish attitude reminds me of the time i was having dinner with groucho and#look you are gonna be having dinner with groucho tonight if you do not beat it
int homer's car)#(grumbling) being a clown sucks you get kicked by kids bit by dogs and admired by the elderly who am i clowning ? i have no business being a clown i am leaving the clowning business to all the other clowns in the clowning business
(grumbling) being a clown sucks you get kicked by kids bit by dogs and admired by the elderly who am i clowning ? i have no business being a clown i am leaving the clowning business to all the other clowns in the clowning business#oh no
well well well "velocity boy" i am gonna give you the biggest ticket you (suddenly delighted) hey krusty#(bitter) i am not krusty
oh to think i was going to give you a ticket krusty the klown#(firmly) i am not krusty
hey krusty krusty remember the time we got loaded and set those beavers loose in that pine furniture store ? (chuckles) memories all right you take it easy krusty#hey he did not give me a ticket this is an intriguing development
int kwikemart)#(gasp) you mean i get 5% off on everything in the store just because i look like i mean just because i am krusty the clown ?
ext luigi's restaurant)#i am telling you marge this will work they will think i am krusty and give us free stuff i have been gettin' free stuff all day look at this swell bucket of house paint
i am telling you marge this will work they will think i am krusty and give us free stuff i have been gettin' free stuff all day look at this swell bucket of house paint#look at it
i am not saying it will not work i am just saying it is dishonest#well if we agree then why are we arguing ?
right boss#i want a free car because i am krusty (in his face) krusty the clown get it ? krusty
ext car lot)#i want everything that is coming to krusty the clown which is me krusty
well i can not give you the car krusty but i can let you have this little number for practically nothing only thirtyeight thousand#(suspicious) hey what are these holes ?
(smoothly) these are speed holes they make the car go faster#(knowingly) oh yeah speed holes
whatcha diddily doin' neighbor ?#putting speed holes in my car makes it go faster
(chuckle) lucky i was wearing an extra large piece of the true cross today (a little worried) i think i will go inside#(looks around annoyed) what keeps doin' that ?
i told you we should've bought more than three bullets let's just grab him#(surprised then struggling noises)
int gangster's car)#but wait you can not kill me for being krusty i am not him i am homer simpson
the same homer simpson who crashed his car through the wall of our club ?#uh actually my name is barney yeah barney gumbel
the same barney gumbel who keeps taking pictures of my sister ?#uh actually my real name is uh (to himself) think krusty think joe valachi
ext legitimate businessman's club  night)#benedict arnold
the same benedict arnold who plotted to surrender west point to the hated british ?#(annoyed grunt)
i am so glad i had a chance to meet you before we did this krusty because i am a greata fan (extends hand) don vittorio dimaggio#(defeated) krusty the clown
i cannot do it to murder a funnyman of such genius would be a crime (thinks) tell you what krusty do for me my favorite trick where you ride the little bike through the loop and i will let you live#but i have never been able to do the
but i have never been able to do the#how 'bout if i just squirt you in the face with my boutonniere ?
how 'bout if i just squirt you in the face with my boutonniere ?#okay
okay#(to himself) i will never be able to do this trick never
go go#hey i am doing it i am doing it i am the greatest clown in the world
(deep voice) payroll burt stanton speaking#(delighted) krusty oh thanks thanks a lot you came here to save me
i am confused#hehheh good one krusty
without the loop it is nothing#tada
(annoyed groan)#i am a singing in the show (several irregular screams) hot yeow cold ow hot cold hot ow who is doing that ?
are we in any dange#burkina faso ? disputed zone ? who called all these weird places ?
burkina faso ? disputed zone ? who called all these weird places ?#no i am gonna ask marge
no i am gonna ask marge#(pleased sigh)
hey guys just so you do not hear any wild rumors i am being indicted for fraud in australia#psh that is no reason to block the tv
yes'm#there it is "australia" i will be damned
(murmur disapprovingly)#(chuckles) look at this country "u  r  gay" (chuckles)
and bart's childish taunting agitated the aussies further#oh he will agitate ya ho ho he sure will (chuckles then stops awkwardly) what can we do for you ?
well it is too late to merely pay back the money but as a sign of good faith to our australian friends we'd like to imprison bart for five years#that is tough but fair boy go with the man
you are sure now the prison train is sailing okay i am not hearing a lot of support for prison there is one other option they will drop the charges if bart makes a public apology in australia#all bart has to do is apologize and we get a free trip to australia ?
int australian airport  customs  a little later)#(groggy) we left at 130 pm monday what time is it now ?
it is 645 am next wednesday you may also be interested to know that it is summer here not winter#(whiny moan)
ext downtown street  that morning)#hey are you like one of those english guards who can not laugh or smile or anything ?
int embassy later)#oh yeah this is the life boy next summer can you commit some fraud in orlando florida ?
no to combat homesickness we have installed a device that makes them swirl the correct american way#(choked up) sweet land of liberty of thee i sing
actually sir the embassy is considered american soil sir#really ? look boy now i am in australia now i am in america
really ? look boy now i am in australia now i am in america#(gleeful) australia america austr(continuous over following)
homer that is enough#alia (quick) america australia ameri (etc) ow
all right all right you win i see you have played knifey spoony before#(to bartender) hey gimme one of those famous giant beers i have heard so much about
something wrong yank ?#no (disappointed) it is pretty big i guess
(cheery) well you are free to go bart right after your additional punishment#punishment ?
well a mere apology would be a bit empty eh ? let the booting begin#booting ?
(nervous) yuhoh#(anguished) what kind of a sick country would kick someone with a giant boot ?
mr simpson shhsh disparaging the boot is a bootable offense it is one of their proudest traditions#you sold us out conover
you sold us out conover#(desperate) stay back or i will boot your prime minister i will do it so help me god i will boot him
(desperate) stay back or i will boot your prime minister i will do it so help me god i will boot him#when will you australians learn ? in america we have stopped using corporal punishment and things have never been better the streets are safe old people strut confidently through the darkest alleys and the weak and nerdy are admired for their computer programming abilities so like us let your children run wild and free because as the old saying goes let your children run wild and free now boy run back to the embassy back to american soil
(wincing) ewww it is not like in cartoons#yeah there is a lot more mucus
(doppler yell) liiiiisa#(doppler yell) maaarge
thank you bart i promise i will not make fun of you later for this#show 'em what american butts are made of son
int helicopter  continuous)#hey do we get to land on an aircraft carrier ?
ext embassy  continuous)#hey look those frogs are eating all their crops
yeah homer what is your secret investment ?#take a guess
(shrugging) uh pumpkins ?#(slightly annoyed) yeah that is right barney (proudly) this year i invested in pumpkins they have been going up the whole month of october and i got a feeling they are gonna peak right around january and bang that is when i will cash in
homer you knucklebeak i told you a hundred times you gotta sell your pumpkin futures before halloween before#all right let's not panic i will make the money back by selling one of my livers i can get by with one
ext simpson house  night)#(groans) how am i going to tell marge we are broke ? i need a miracle
(groans) how am i going to tell marge we are broke ? i need a miracle#my house is on fire woo hoo insurance to the rescue
hello homer#(low) marge we had a deal your sisters do not come here after six and i stop eating your lipstick
yeah homer let your wife have a glimpse of success for once#(darkly) all right that is the last straw (hitching up his pants) it is time to take out the trash but first i am going to have to ask you to leave
i am sorry homer does not mean to be rude he is just a very complicated man#wrong
i wish you would not put homer down like that he may not be a big success like you (proudly) but i can always count on him to provide for the family#sweet trusting marge i can not let you down i will get some money somehow
sweet trusting marge i can not let you down i will get some money somehow#hello vegas ? give me 100 bucks on red (beat annoyed grunt) all right i will send you a check
hello vegas ? give me 100 bucks on red (beat annoyed grunt) all right i will send you a check#if only i could think of an invention something that would really make money must concentrate and work harder than i have ever worked
every person in america now owns one of these and in many cases three or four#uh could i just get a look at that ?
(chuckling) why would you need to see it ? you are the genius who invented the product in question#but uh could i just
now do not worry you will get to see it just as soon as we unveil our new ad campaign#let me see let me see out of the way
homer wake up there is still a few minutes 'til our usual bedtime#no my invention all my money problems could've
(worried) money problems ? homer are we in some sort of fiduciary trouble ?#oh marge my loyal wife of course not
oh marge my loyal wife of course not#and lisa my little princess
and lisa my little princess#(still sentimental) and who could forget dear rat boy ?
sure homer i can loan you all the money you need however (he leans in confidentially) since you have no collateral i am gonna have to break your legs in advance#(looking at his legs) gosh moe i use these all the time could not you just bash my head in ?
(panicked groan)#rye am romer rimpson
int first bank of springfield  day)#uh i need an another extension on my mortgage payments
i understand that mr simpson but according to our computer your credit history is not good (he punches in some data) it says here that you have been predeclined for every major credit card it also says that you once grabbed a dog by the hind legs and pushed him around like a vacuum cleaner#that was in the third grade
yeah well it all goes on your permanent record i am sorry but if you do not come up with that money by tomorrow the bank is going to take your house#(defiant) well good luck finding it because i am gonna take the numbers off tonight
well we will look for the house with no numbers#then i will take off the numbers on my neighbor's house
well then we will look for the house next to the house with no numbers#(beat) all right you will get your money
int doorway)#you are my lastlast chance bottom of the barrel hail mary long shot wish you would do it but probably will not final resort to lend me money
int simpson dining room)#what a wonderful dinner what a beautiful family someone get a picture of me with my arm around this steak
you are certainly in a good mood tonight dad#well lisa i managed to solve a little problem today and to celebrate i am going to tilt my chair
well lisa i managed to solve a little problem today and to celebrate i am going to tilt my chair#mmmm slanty
now bring us some extra chairs like a good blubberinlaw#time to fertilize the lawn a couple fivehundredpound bags should do it
it means#it means these two fabulous babes are staying for dinner
this has been such a nice peaceful dinner it calls for a celebration i am going to make the most international coffee in the house montreal morn#all right you had your fun now get lost
oh our fun has not begun yet#(yokel grunt) hunh ?
you are ?#no (spirit breaks) i am giving them a foot massage (sotto to patty) at least let me have that
let's go homer on the way home we are all stopping at moe's for a zima#(glumly) well maybe i will just stay and work overtime my sistersinlaw are at my house again
am i wrong or did it just get fatter in here ?#request permission to slink by
permission pending first light our cigarettes#but you are already smoking cig
but you are already smoking cig#(quietly furious) you are really pushing it
c'mon homer you can not spell obsequious without "iou"#i will have to trust you on that
well marge was always a good speller let's ask her#(horrified) no do not tell marge i will be good i will be good
(pulling the iou out of reach) ahahahah just for that you have to crawl around on the floor like the dog you are#but (defeated) yes ma'am
what is going on in here ?#(dog voice) rabsolutely rothing rarge
what is that paper ?#what paper ?
(gasp) homer is this projection accurate ? did you borrow money from my sisters ?#(nervously) i do not know marge i can not be expected to keep track of all my wheelings and dealings
he blew all your savings on jackolanterns#(horrified gasp) you told
ext simpson house  a moment later)#sorry marge (gives her kiss)
sorry marge (gives her kiss)#i never want to see you again you either
homer homer why did not you tell me ?#(very down) i was ashamed marge i failed you as a husband and a provider and at best i was a bplus dog i will understand if you want to sleep on the couch tonight
not too good lisa frankly he is underneath the table#nobody make me any breakfast a man so deeply in debt does not deserve it
but i like to make you breakfast#(sadly) in that case i will just have french toast with double butter and a side of bacon (resolutely) but no powdered sugar i do not deserve it (beat) maybe a little powdered sugar
hey dad whatcha doing ?#what was that  national anthem ?
what was that  national anthem ?#daddy has very important work to do he is looking through the want ads to find a parttime job
dad that is a gag paper we got at the carnival#oh no wonder i did not hear about bart being elected world's greatest sex machine
oh no wonder i did not hear about bart being elected world's greatest sex machine#(groans) i will never pay off that debt
need money fast ? got no experience ? step up to elegance become a limo driver at classy joe's#that is it i will make money with a chauffeur job good thing you turned on that tv lisa
i did not turn it on i thought you turned it on#no well anyway turn it off
int limousine)#oh wow i can not believe my very first passenger is comedy legend mel brooks i love that movie "young frankenstein" scared the hell out of me
uhm thanks#hey let's do that two thousand pound man thing i will be that carl reiner guy you be what is his face
(laughs) homer it is not that easy it takes the genius of carl reiner and the rhythm and timing that only he and i#sir today every country has a national anthem did they have national anthems two thousand years ago ?
evening simpson you got a short in your taillight it started blinkin' when you made that turn let's see your chauffeur's license#(oily) chauffeur's license eh ? (yelling to mel) mel buckle your borscht belt
int dmv  day)#stupid driving test at the stupid dmv where stupid patty and stupid selma work sometimes i think god is teasing me just like he teased moses in the desert
"tested" homer god tested moses and try to be nice to my sisters it is very hard on me to have you fighting all the time#oh okay marge i will get along with them then i will hug some snakes yes i will hug and kiss some poisonous snakes (to himself) now that is sarcasm
well well well look who needs us again to get his chauffeur's license#look all i ask is that you be fair
failed to check blind spot minus two points#you will not be happy 'til my family thinks i am a loser will you ?
ooh seat belt twisted minus one point#nagging the driver minus ten points for you
grazed a cone minus five points#being a jerk minus a million points
ohhh someone did not fill in a circle all the way#(groans)
so homer how'd you do ?#(sadly) well i
uh she uh (etc)#i will never forgive myself for this
(taken aback) wait a minute those are yours sir ?#yes (coughs) i am in flavor country
both of them ?#it is a big country
homer i am  i am speechless you just saved our hides#please on top of everything else do not make me picture your hides
that is a wonderful thing you did for my sisters#i did not do it for them i did it for you marge i'd kill for you please ask me to kill for you
if there is anything we can do to make it up#(interrupting hungrily) call off the debt ?
or say we could let you pass your driver's test#call off the debt ?
uh well#(interrupting) debt's off let's go marge woo hoo
int simpson house  tv room  continuous)#(whiny) marge are we jewish ?
no homer#woo hoo
woo hoo#mmmmm
this is horrible people will start to avoid springfield#but what can i do ? i am just (thinks) one man
hello i am bart simpson in the past i have brought you such classic films as "homer in the shower" and "homer on the toilet" and now i give you "the eternal struggle"#relaxed fit my aunt fanny stupid dockers oh the belt is buckled (chuckles then struggles)
i like him he is smart he is sensitive he is clearly not obsessed with his physical appearance#(coyly) my ears are burning
uh i wasn't talking about you dad#no my ears are really burning i wanted to see inside so i lit a qtip
"you can stay with us and enjoy the sights and sounds of the country"#marge is this a pimple or a boil ?
it is supposed to say jay's name not yours#oh you are right
oh you are right#there ya (annoyed grunt) just second
there ya (annoyed grunt) just second#oh that should (annoyed grunt)
oh nice to meet you marge i saw your hair from the plane and you must be the man who did not know if he had a pimple or a boil#it was a gummy bear
uh oh i smell another cheap cartoon crossover#bart simpson meet jay sherman the critic
homer the guest should get the last pork chop#but i am still hungry
thank you#(defensive) yeah well i won the belching contest at work (belches)
how droll#yeah well scooby doo can doodoo but jimmy carter is smarter
(scared noise)#(giggles)
(dazed) muh muh (beat) muh#whatcha doing marge ?
making out the jury list for the film festival (writing) mayor quimby  krusty  jay  (giggles)#marge do you respect my intelligence ?
(long pause) yes#(happy) okay (lies down then springs up) (mad) wait a minute why did it take you so long to say yes ?
(long pause) no reason#okay (lies down then springs up) wait a minute are you humoring me ?
(long pause) yes#okay (lies down then springs up) wait a minute that is bad look i know i am not witty like that critic guy but does he know all the words to the oscar mayer song ?
(howls along with jay)#(sadly) that is it marge he knows the whole hot dog song go ahead sleep with him i will just take a lock of your hair to remember you by
(sadly) that is it marge he knows the whole hot dog song go ahead sleep with him i will just take a lock of your hair to remember you by#it is just you and me now lock of hair
you do not have to do this#yeah well you think i am stupid
i do not think you are stupid#prove it
prove it#put me on that film jury festival thing
next#exactly heh heh (annoyed grunt)
oh boy this is gonna get worse before it gets better#pull my finger
hans moleman productions presents "man getting hit by football"#(laughing) this contest is over give that man the ten thousand dollars
this is not "america's funniest home videos"#but  the ball his groin(laughs) it works on so many levels (laughs) roll it again
i think we have a winner#what'd i miss ?
two to two well homer it all comes down to you#football in the groin football in the groin
why do not we all take a five minute break ? it will clear our heads#good idea marge my mind is going a mile a minute
(gasp) how did you know my name ?#i have every right to be on that jury even though i got there because i am sleeping with the head of the festival
(passing by) how many times have i heard rex reed say that ?#oh great now you are going to make fun of me
well homer#marge i have got some serious thinking to do
marge i have got some serious thinking to do#hm barney's movie has heart but football in the groin had a football in the groin
do not cry for me i am already dead#wow i will never drink another beer
beer here#i will take ten
homie you voted for the right movie i am glad you were on the jury#(smiling) aw you know something marge it is not that tough being a film cricket
your name tag#marge look this has spring snakes inside but the suckers will think it is beer nuts (laughs) (forgetting) mmm beer nuts
marge look this has spring snakes inside but the suckers will think it is beer nuts (laughs) (forgetting) mmm beer nuts#(short scream annoyed grunt)
yon meat 'tis sweet as summer's wafting breeze#can i have some ?
mine ears are open only to the pleas of those who speak ye old english#(passionately) sweet maiden of the spit grant now my boon that i mightst sup on suckling pig this noon
whatever#(ecstatic) i have eaten eight different meats i am a true renaissance man
except for the international market it is my#woo hoo oh marge that is great news
hey hey there with the personal calls simpson#oh ah but mr milhouse my little girl's getting married
int simpsons  kitchen)#oh i gotta call everyone and tell 'em the good news
oh i gotta call everyone and tell 'em the good news#(frustrated noise yelling upstairs) maggie i need to use the phone
int maggie's room  continuous)#will that girl ever shut up ? okay marge i will plan everything we can have the reception at moe's wait why not have the whole wedding there ? we will do it on a monday morning  there'll be fewer drunks
homer do not take this personally but i have obtained a court order to prevent you from planning this wedding#well these seem to be in order i will be out back in the hammock
(excited) oh lisa#yo hugh here's a little bit of us hospitality what do you think of that ?
now throw compost on it#whew (sheepish) uh enjoy
oh still warm#you can be the first to try out the new guest bedroom i built (quietly) remember if the building inspector comes by it is not a room it is a window box
(quietly) homer bart maggie company eating rules#(burp) oh right
anyway hugh there is more to my life than just a wrecking ball i also crush cars into cubes and on the side i promote local tough man contests basically i am gettin' out all my aggression 'til i go to law school#so hugh have you heard all the latest american jokes ? uh here's a good one pull my finger
(chuckles politely) yes we have that one in england too mr simpson#(threatening) i said pull my finger
(interrupting) maggie do not talk with your mouth full#me and bart'll take hugh out on the town this afternoon
hugh should take it easy because of his fall#great there is only one thing i ask in return
great there is only one thing i ask in return#(yelling above horns) so this driving on the left makes you feel more at home huh hugh ?
that is true#hugh there is something i want you to have my dad gave me his cuff links to wear on the day i married marge and they brought us good luck i could not imagine a happier marriage we do not have many traditions in our family but it'd mean a lot to me if you kept this one alive
you know fox turned into a hardcore sex channel so gradually i did not even notice#marge it is so great to have the whole family together under one roof i never realized how much i missed it listen to the murmurs in the next room the house is full of life again (listens contentedly)
marge it is so great to have the whole family together under one roof i never realized how much i missed it listen to the murmurs in the next room the house is full of life again (listens contentedly)#keep it down in there
well here goes nothing (deep breath) mom dad meet homer simpson#hey how are you nice to meet ya
hey how are you nice to meet ya#you know what is great about you english ? "octopussy" man i must have seen that movie twice
int lisa's tent)#ooh la la
hi dad#you look great sweetheart
thanks#(he takes her hands in his) little lisa lisa simpson you know i always felt you were the best thing my name ever got attached to since the time you learned to pin your own diapers you have been smarter than me
int simpson house  dining room)#no no let me finish i just want you to know i have always been proud of you you are my greatest accomplishment and you did it all yourself you helped me understand my own wife better and taught me to be a better person but you are also my daughter and i do not think anybody could have had a better daughter than you
(sweetly) dad you are babbling#see ? you are still helping me
hey dad did you forget to give those cufflinks to hugh ?#(embarrassed) aw no
well ?#i found them on the night stand this morning (covering hurt feelings) i guess they weren't his cup of tea do not worry about it
ext renaissance fair)#lisa lisa where were you ? you missed the most incredible thing
hi dad#i ate seven pounds of fudge
wow#the man at the stand said it was a record
wow what else did you do dad ?#(excited) i rode the teacups then i got a little sick and i had to sit down but then i rode 'em again
who took all my test papers off the refrigerator and tore them up ?#who spread garbage all over flanders' yard before i got a chance to ?
well i am sure these things did not destroy themselves now did they ?#(scared) did they ?
(scared) did they ?#hmm i guess bart's not to blame he is lucky too because it is spankin' season and i have got a hankerin' for some spankerin'
my strobe light#my "best of ray stevens featuring the streak" album so it was the dog that buried all our stuff
(eyes darting) yes the dog#oh my god he is got the precious cable tv cable
please ?#(cocky) well problem solved
homer hold on to the wheel#(obligingly) you got it
hey#do not worry we will catch him or run him over tryin'
look he is heading back to the greyhound racing track where we found him#do not worry as soon as they find out he does not have any money they will throw him out believe me i know
oh this place is so big do you think we should split up and look for them homie ? homie ?#(to man behind window quietly) two bucks to win on number eight (off family's glare)and have you seen my beloved dog ? (nervous laugh sotto) gimme the ticket
int track  grandstand area  a short while later)#we can not lose look at the name of the dog i bet on (shows marge program)
and they are off she is the fastest jumps out to an insurmountable lead#(gloating) you are lucky you got looks marge
as they round the far turn it is she is the fastest followed by always comes in second and i am number three#yes come on you little horse
(suddenly moved) aww#(sweetly) aw so that is what is been wrong with the little fella he misses casual sex
look it is twins#now it is two sets of twins
oh homie are not they adorable ?#yes we have waited many years but the good lord has finally blessed us with a real family
(chuckles) look at branford ii is not that cute ? (chuckles) he thinks he is one of the models inc#get that cat out of the way
int living room)#ooh this time (annoyed grunts) ah (annoyed grunt)
yeeesch this house stinks you are not just putting the new newspapers over the old ones are you ?#(huffy) do you have a better idea ?
yeah they ate all my socks i have to wear lisa's to school today#how do you explain the culottes boy ?
well i have to coordinate do not i ?#your mother and i have been thinking about giving the puppies away
nooooooo#(quickly) mainly your mother
all right we will give the dogs one more chance as long as the puppies do not do anything else wrong they stay on a completely unrelated topic i am having a very very important dinner party tonight#splendid who is coming ?
(laughs) and i know the little fellas would love romping around my many acres chasing my many cars drinking from my many toilets#(enthused) who would not ?
(murmur) she is right homer there is something about his face i do not trust#(worried) uh i am sorry mr burns but you can not have these dogs (eyes closed) am i fired ?
my he certainly took that well#a little too well if you ask me i am sure he is plotting some brilliant scheme to get those puppies
you do not have the guts to take us all on#marge you know that batting this lightbulb is the only thing that cheers me up after giving away those million dollar greyhounds
marge you know that batting this lightbulb is the only thing that cheers me up after giving away those million dollar greyhounds#(annoyed grunt)
check mate#lousy teachers trying to palm off our kids on us
but dad by striking they are trying to effect a change in management so that they can be happier and more productive#lisa if you do not like your job you do not strike you just go in every day and do it really halfassed that is the american way
relax ? i can not relax nor can i yield relent or (scared noise) only two synonyms ? oh my god i am losing my perspicacity (screams)#well it is always in the last place you look
i am worried about the kids homie lisa's becoming very obsessive this morning i caught her trying to dissect her own rain coat#(scoffing) i know and this perpetual motion machine she made today is a joke it just keeps going faster and faster
that is it we have to get them back to school#i am with you marge lisa get in here (lisa pops her head in then re perpetual motion machine) in this house we obey the laws of thermodynamics
int simpson dining room  that evening)#so how was everybody's day at school ?
exhausting it took the children forty minutes to locate canada on the map#marge anyone can miss canada all tucked away down there
there is no way i will get into an ivy league school now (scornful) at this rate i probably will not even get into vassar#(quiet rage) well i have had just about enough of your vassar bashing young lady
bart you will never get krabappel and skinner together again they are like two positively charged ions#(happily) oh this is wonderful you are alive
no thanks to you homer#(angrily) why you little
um the guy who chopped up george washington ?#really ? wow
mom i think he is serious#(laughs) kids are so nave lisa when you get to be our age you will learn a few things like when a sign says "do not feed the bears" man you would better not feed the bears
(laughs) kids are so nave lisa when you get to be our age you will learn a few things like when a sign says "do not feed the bears" man you would better not feed the bears#now get to school boy
do not worry son you will be fine (to audience) this boy's appendix is inflamed and about to burst which will make it easier to find once i get in there (chuckles)#man these are primo seats i could really go for a hot dog
hot dogs get your hot dogs here#woo hoo
now homer please the boy has just had a very serious operation#(chagrinned) oh right
int auditorium)#woo hoo
int lisa's room  later)#lisa honey are you gonna be okay ?
bleeding gums was my hero and i never got to tell him how i felt#oh i am sure he knew and i am sure that wherever he is now he is happy
thank you (to homer) oh dad why did he have to die ?#well it is like the time that your cat snowball got run over
uh huh#remember honey ?
yeah#what i am saying is all we have to do is go down to the pound and get a new jazzman
oh dad#(sadly) i blew it again
(sadly) i blew it again#(sucks) mmmmmm
lisa it is normal to be sad when a friend dies and bleeding gums was a good friend to you but nobody is really gone as long as we remember them#lisa honey if you really want to preserve his memory i recommend getting a tattoo (sweet) it preserves the things you love
lisa honey if you really want to preserve his memory i recommend getting a tattoo (sweet) it preserves the things you love#starland vocal band ? (angry) they suck
you did not know him nobody knew him but he was a great man and i will not rest until all of springfield knows the name of bleeding gums murphy#and i will not rest until i have gotten a hot dog
hm maybe you can get the local jazz station to do a tribute to him#jazz (snorts) they just make it up as they go along i could do that (to mary had a little lamb) dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee dee
that is mary had a little lamb#ok then this (to mary had a little lamb) doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
that is the same thing you just replaced dees with doos#(annoyed grunt)
are not you glad we got out of the house and came downtown for a little culture ?#(harumph noise) they are butchering the classics could that bassoon have come in any more late ?
ah c'mon homer there is lasers you like lasers#laser effects mirrored balls john williams must be rolling around in his grave
(laughs) devilishishly satirical i wonder if anyone else got that ?#(offended) we are outta here
ext city street  night)#(noticing) whoa careful now these are dangerous streets for us upperlowermiddleclass types so avoid eye contact watch your pocketbook and suspect everyone
three card monte#woo hoo easy money
homie these games are fixed#then how come that guy's winning ?
(thrilled murmur)#(to jailbird) twenty on this one my good man
he is getting away c'mon c'mon#no marge
no marge#(super heavy breathing)
(helpful) we will try to make it twelve#(very concerned breathy gasps) marge are you okay ?
ah i think i am okay it was scary but in a weird way it was also kind of exhilarating#yes it is exhilarating to see the police get their man and save a hysterical woman
oh for crying out loud#easy now sweetheart homie's here
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#(yelling) you did what ?
i borrowed your nail clipper what is the big deal ?#nothing i am just a little edgy since your mother told me she wants to be a cop
you got it little buddy#marge you being a cop makes you the man which makes me the woman and i have no interest in that besides occasionally wearing the underwear which as we discussed is strictly a comfort thing
homer there is no reason for you to feel threatened you will always be the man of this house#aw thanks honey
wow mom i never pictured you as any kind of authority figure before#(heartfelt) marge i want you to take care of yourself out there you have become very dear to me
homer give me my pepper spray#oh marge one squirt and you are south of the border
oh marge one squirt and you are south of the border#mmm incapacitating
mom's police tape is not a toy dad#shush dear you will wreck daddy's fun
bringing in the sheaves bringing in (gasp) oh my lord something horrible has happened#(obnoxious laugh) fooled you flanders made you think your family was dead (obnoxious laugh) didja get it ? (laugh) they are not though
(halfhearted laugh) oh#but you thought they were
yeah#that is why it was so funny (laughs then) but they are not
hey great news guys i picked up a nudie deck for our game#(reading) "the girls of the internet" ooh i'd go on line with them any day
hey homer you sure it is okay to smoke cuban cigars and gamble here now that your uh wife's a cop ?#are you kidding ? being a cophusband is one mighty sweet deal this police radio entertains me with other peoples' miseries we get a free funeral for marge god forbid and i can run background checks on whomever i want (pointedly to moe) mohammar
(urgent whisper) homer please please ixnay on the ohammarmay#hey hurry it up with the cards lenny i have got you clocked at two miles per hour
c'mon put that away those radar guns give you cancer#all the more reason to hurry up (looking at readout) hey what could be going a hundred miles per 
we will be goin' / we will just be goin' / we do not want no trouble officer#marge you chased away all my poker buddies
i did not mean to#oh you have become such a cop (wistful) and not that long ago you were so much more to me  you were a cleaner of pots a sewer of buttons an unplugger of hairy clogs
i am still all those things only now i am cleaning up the city sewing together the social fabric and unplugging the clogs of our legal system#you are cooking what for dinner ?
homer#hey marge how is my little piglet ?
(meaningfully) homer i am on duty#(laughs) that is okay i am supposed to be workin' too (chuckle)
you have to move your car#i will just be a second marge i am going to get some beer for those kids over there
i am gonna pretend i did not hear that but you have to move your car now#i will be right back now keep your eyes peeled for a real cop
oh that is it i am gonna write you a ticket#c'mon we are family
you are breaking the law#i will make you a deal you rip up that ticket and i will give you back your hat wuh wuh wuh hee heehee
homer taking an officer's cap is an arrestable offense#(taunting high voice) what're you gonna do about it ? what're you gonna do ? (silly noises) ooh i am officer marge i am gonna arrest you whoa etc
(taunting high voice) what're you gonna do about it ? what're you gonna do ? (silly noises) ooh i am officer marge i am gonna arrest you whoa etc#(surprised noise then slyly) whuh marge not here (realizing) hey you are not really arresting me ?
you have the right to remain silent#i choose to waive that right (loud outraged bellow)
int jail  homer's cell  day)#(eating noises)
all right simpson you are free to go#(eating noises) lemme just finish this last lobster tail and raspberry torte (eating noises)
i am sorry i had to arrest you homer but what i did was right someday when you really need it you will be happy there are dedicated cops like me out there#i have nothing more to say to you marge i am drawing a line down the center of the house  la "i love lucy"  you stay on your side and i will stay on my side
i have nothing more to say to you marge i am drawing a line down the center of the house  la "i love lucy"  you stay on your side and i will stay on my side#(annoyed grunt)
int kitchen  night)#boy when marge first told me she was going to the police academy i thought it'd be fun and exciting you know like that movie "spaceballs" but instead it is been painful and disturbing like that movie "police academy"
yeah yeah barney's right / yeah / let's get some more beer / hey what about some beer ? / yeah barney's right#(getting up) all right guys pipe down i have got some more in the garage
(rising) i will i willi will get it homer#hmm i wonder why he is so eager to go to the garage
"garage ?" hey fellas  "the garage" ooo la de da mr frenchman#well what do you call it ?
and what better place to make the buy than in a cop's garage where no one would suspect a thing#hey herman i had to come out here to see what is so funny  (gasps) a counterfeit jeans ring operating out of my car hole i am gonna tell everyone wait here
not so fast#okay
maybe you should just stop entirely#herman how could you ? we have all thought about counterfeiting jeans at one time or another but what about the victims ? hard working designers like calvin klein gloria vanderbilt or antoine bugle boy these are the people who saw an overcrowded marketplace and said "me too"
no it is officer simpson  of the police#herman your beef is with me leave the girl out of this
(concerned gasp) homer#it is too late for me marge sell the jeans and live like a queen
(frustrated murmur)#(calling) marge
freeze every mother knows the secret entrance to her son's tree house#oh marge you saved my life i am sorry i teased you you are a really good cop i am proud of you
so long gotta catch the 501#he is gettin' away (pointing finger) you blew it marge
that is my ambulance i called for it four hours ago#marge how did you know
(interrupting) that the pants would rip ?#no what i was wondering is
that is some nice work simpson but um we can not hold him there is no evidence#yes there is there is a garage full of counterfeit jeans
oh homer would you please help me make a big deal of this ?#what for ? nobody cared when bogart defaced that sidewalk in hollywood
death to shelbyville#yes bart's a tutor now tute on son tute on
we just got word there is springfield kids in town#now marge you can not blame all of bart's problems on your one little speech if anything turned him bad it is that time you let him wear a bathing suit instead of underwear and let's not forget your little speech
is not there anything we can do ?#yes there is (to the crowd) come on everybody let's go into shelbyville and get those kids back ourselves i got an rv we can use flanders's
(mild fumfering protest) well okay but you know just go a little bit easy on the#pile in everybody no time to wipe your feet
keep your voices down boys we did not come this far to get found out#found 'em
found 'em#you kids are in big trouble running away from home like this
but they stole our lemon tree#i do not care what excuse you have got nothing's gonna stop me in the middle of this speech you are gonna  lemon tree ?
(fast) package for parcel processing pronto#that tree's been in springfield since the time of our forefathers give it back or we will bust in there and take it
bust in here and take it ? you must be stupider than you look#(crescending) stupider like a fox
(crescending) stupider like a fox#i am okay (moan)
int flanders rv)#this is the darkest day in the history of springfield if anybody wants me i will be in the shower
there is got to be a way to get that tree back (on to something) hey look a hospital pull in there#oh great now i am upsidedown
ext impound lot  evening)#(chuckle) no one in history has ever done anything this clever
i will get the gate#(cocky) that is okay son i will take care of him
(cocky) that is okay son i will take care of him#faster son  he is got a taste for meat now
it will not start something's draining the battery ?#sorry
we made it#woohoo
(fast) precisely#(eager) here's your package mr burns
(livid sputtering) my name is the return address you senseless dunderpate smithers who is this nincompoop ?#(barely fazed) son
(considers this) well um yeah i guess they'd probably want to be with their families or something huh ?#(whiny moan) i hate my job i mean what is the point when your boss does not even remember your name ?
i have an idea#(eager) what ? what is your idea ?
when my father was first trying to catch my mother's eye he sent her a box of candy with his photo in it after that she never forgot him#that is all well and good but it is not really your idea is it now marge ?
dad how can you work for a man like mr burns ?#well he is not all bad he did send me this nice thankyou card
"marge bart lisa and maggie" dad this does not have your name on it#(creepily calm) kids would you step outside for a second ?
(creepily calm) kids would you step outside for a second ?#(deep breath then) ffffff
who is that bafflewit ? / lummox ? / puddinghead ? / mooncalf ? / limpnoodle ? / goldbricker ? drizzlepuss ? / cueball ? / fumblefist ? / galoot ?#(shaking head violently) stop it stop it stop it stop it
(alarmed) look out#what ?
int power plant  burns' outer office  a little later)#(delighted insane giggle)
who the devil are you ?#homer simpson homer simpson shut up homer simpson my name is homer simpson
(being shaken) what ? what are you talking about ? clearly make sense man i can not understand a word you are saying you are just babbling incoherently like some sort of#oh you are a dead man oh you are dead you are dead burns
he robbed the school of tito#he can not remember my name
i have decided to protect myself ever since i was attacked in my office by an unidentified assailant#(quiet annoyed grunt)
bart he broke your dog's legs grampa he destroyed your home and dad well you kind of went berserk when he could not remember your name#(suddenly crazed) berserk is right (suddenly calm) may i have some iced tea please ?
could not#kids kids kids as far as daddy's concerned you are both potential murderers
we do not have an outhouse#(alarmed gasp) my tool shed oh dad
hey homer us hotheads here is gonna go tear down burns' sun blockin' machine you wanna come with ?#sure i have had it up to here with these damn rickets
actually mom in 95% of cases it is the rest of the time it is usually some deranged lunatic who did it for no reason#hey i had a damn good reason he could never remember my name
who the devil are you ?#(anguished yell) homer simpson homer simpson (etc)
who wants chocolate ice cream ?#me me me me
heyho look what i found under mr simpson's car seat#i swear i have never seen that gun before
then why are your fingerprints all over it sir ?#(shriek)
this bullet matches the one we took out of burns (slaps cuffs on homer) homer simpson you are under arrest for attempted murder#(distraught annoyed grunt)
are you sure you do not want me to hold one of your ice cream cones ?#(derisive snort) yeah right you chose fruit you live with fruit
(derisive snort) yeah right you chose fruit you live with fruit#(whiny annoyed grunt)
(whiny annoyed grunt)#no no no ewww why is this on the floor ?
homer simpson ?#(quiet rage) so you finally learned my name eh ?
homer simpson#(confused beat) i have got no time for your demented parlor games (ominous) you will not be telling anyone else that homer simpson shot you
homer simp son ho mersimp son#stop telling them it was me i will kill you for saying it was me
mersimp son what is the mer meaning of this ? smithers who is this beast that is shaking me ?#say it burns say i never shot you before
bart why are you talking like that ?#yeah and who the hell are you talkin' to ? marge do you have other men in this house ? radioactive men ?
yeah#which one were you ? the ugly one ?
which one were you ? the ugly one ?#were you the ugly one ?
you are right lis i can suck up to him like the religious people suck up to god#guess what kids they are gonna pay us fifty dollars a day to film some of the movie here
(pointing to wall) we will run that cable through here#(cheerful) careful now
(cheerful) careful now#(awestruck) hey did not you direct "unnatural discretion" ?
heh yes i did#(it stinks) hooey whew oh you know i never walk out of a movie but eech
eh usually we just tape a bunch of cats together#you guys work on the movie ?
you saying we are not working ?#oh i always wanted to be a teamster (admiringly) so lazy and surly mind if i relax next to you ?
(calling after them) enjoy it now because when you are a grown up you will have to take care of yourself#(whiny) marge there is a spider near my car keys
shoo get outta here#ahhh that is better now that we are alone papa bear has a li'l honey for his mama bear
(gasps) "good for a three hour getaway at the mingled waters health spa" mineral bath facial massage how did you afford these ?#oh never you mind
ext springfield bentley dealer  previous day)#(phony snob voice) what advantages does this motorcar have over say a train ? which i could also afford
gently massages your buttocks well count homer shall we discuss the#(normal voice) no we shan't yoink
homie this is so sweet but i can not possibly go now the sink is full of dirty dishes the trash needs to be taken out the living room is a mess#oh we will clean up this afternoon
what about maggie ?#i got my dad to look after her
(mimics stifled scream) do not do that#c'mon honey you work yourself stupid for this family if anyone deserves to be wrapped up in seaweed and buried in mud it is you
(pleased murmur) this is so relaxing homie this was a wonderful idea#(chuckles) yeah if that mafia guy weren't staring at us i'd take off my towel
those parents better have a good excuse#i love gettin' away from this dump
parents are not to communicate with children and must stay at least 100 feet away at all times#we leave you the kids for three hours and the county takes them away ?
oh bitch bitch bitch#(singing kazoolike to beethoven's fifth) saxamaphone saxamaphone (wistful sigh)
i can not believe i put my own pleasure ahead of my home and family that is so like me#oh marge do not blame yourself i am the terrible parent the boy bugs the hell outta me i can not help lisa with her homework the only thing i am fit to take care of is a houseplant
oh marge do not blame yourself i am the terrible parent the boy bugs the hell outta me i can not help lisa with her homework the only thing i am fit to take care of is a houseplant#lousy houseplant (grunts)
can you see them ?#i can see lisa but it might be a starfish (grabs phone and dials heaves loud sigh) i have gotta call 'em
no i do not care for children#now wait a minute okay i am not gonna win father of the year in fact i am probably the last guy in the world who should have kids (thinks) wait can i start again ? fathering children is the best part of my day i'd do anything for bart and lisa
(looking at file) and margaret ?#who ? lady you got the wrong file
(whisper) it is maggie#oh maggie i got nothing against maggie
i can see you sincerely want your children back but you have a lot to learn about being parents before i can return your children you will have to complete a course called family skills it teaches parents to listen to their#communication gotcha
but it is important to#listen yes i know
but there is more to it than#(snapping loud) i have listening skills
mr simpson would you please #shut up judge
(to self) this is so humiliating#(writing furiously to self) garbage in garbage can makes sense
it is so quiet here without the kids#what i would not give to hear lisa play another one of her jazzy tunes
i miss the way bart would say something and then say "dude"#i wish i knew something about the baby i could miss now
you mean maggie ?#that is it
(ecstatic) there is bart's ring#(reading) todd smells aw i already knew that
paw i cut myself on the screen door again#(starts to strangle him) why you cotton pickin' 
(alternating struggle sounds)#(catches self) no i have gotta pass this class for my kids (then sweetly) son let's stop the fussin' and afeudin'
(voice cracking) i love you paw#(voice cracking) i love you cletus
ext simpson house  fifteen minutes later)#(happily) kids we are good parents now get your asses out here
(gasps incredulous) he is going to baptize our children ?#oh no in the eyes of god they will be flanderseseseses
where we going ? where we going ?#okay okay do not panic to find flanders i just have to think like flanders
okay okay do not panic to find flanders i just have to think like flanders#the springfield river
ext road near riverbank)#(enraged growl) son of a bitch (more growls)
do you reject satan and all his empty promises ?#(slow motion dive) noooooooo
(slow motion dive) noooooooo#(slow motion pained yell)
wow dad you took a baptismal for me how do you feel ?#oh bartholemew i feel like st augustine of hippo after his conversion by ambrose of milan
(astonished) wait homer what did you just say ?#i said shut your ugly face flanders
oh fair enough#oh there is my sweet little maggie
so what was it like at the flanders' house ?#yeah gimme all the dirt
there was a bunch of old paint cans in their garage though#(chuckling) old paintycan ned
int church  ten minutes later)#(aside) hey marge remember when we used to make out to this hymn ?
(lost in thought) yeah family restaurants that is where the big bucks are i could turn this joint into a place where you would not be ashamed to bring your family huh ?#i am not ashamed
so come on i need a name that says friendly allamerican cooking#how about chairman moe's magic wok ?
nah i want something that says people can have a nice relaxing time#i got it madman moe's pressure cooker
i got it used from the navy you can flashfry a buffalo in forty seconds#forty seconds ? (whining) but i want it now
i think we should do a test#(yells then annoyed grunt)
that is creepy bart i think you really did lose your soul#(pained bewildered groans)
nothing#(weakly) ow help me why is not anybody ow helping me ?
ext van houten house  front steps  later that day)#hi is milhouse home ?
(singing) come to uncle moe's for family fun / it is good good good good good good good#mmm sounds good
hiya folks welcome to uncle moe's (chucking kids under the chin) aw look at all the cute little minors#(to marge) wow that is moe the guy from the ad
right this way homer#(proudly) and he knows my name
i can not take this anymore i want my soul and i want it now#bart you did not finish your spaghetti and moeballs
bart you did not finish your spaghetti and moeballs#(shooing bart) run boy (chews) run
ext street  night  continuous)#(mouth full) run for your life (chewing sounds)  boy
(cheering up) yeah yeah you know that actually makes me feel a little better#why ? that was the problem in the first place you were going broke because we were your only customers wasn't that the problem in the first place ? that you were going broke moe ?
why ? that was the problem in the first place you were going broke because we were your only customers wasn't that the problem in the first place ? that you were going broke moe ?#moe ? hey moe ? oh you are thinking about all the money you blew are notcha ?
moe ? hey moe ? oh you are thinking about all the money you blew are notcha ?#what was it ? 5060 thousand dollars ?  moe ? look maybe it would help if you went over all the mistakes you made from the beginning moe ?
what ?#let me get a pad
(quickly) are we there yet ?#no
are we there yet ?#no
are we there yet ?#no
(groan) just leave me in the car with the window open a crack#(cheerful) that is the plan
what a load of crappycrapcrap#quiet boy i have a feeling some bad stuff is about to go down
(pleased) that is it honey get into the spirit#it was good but not great
ext petting zoo)#come on eat the can (exasperated sound) come on
(extremely loud) awwww#(annoyed) out of the way you
(annoyed) out of the way you#(sweetly) aww
ext simpson house  driveway  later)#(a bit annoyed) hey flanders
hidilly ho neighboreeno#shut up
shut up#so ned you are having a family reunion and you did not invite me ?
(chuckle)#i can not believe you did not invite me after i painted those cool stripes all over your car (snaps fingers) i know i will throw my own barbecue  the greatest barbecue this town has ever seen and i will only invite who i want that'll show ya
can i come ?#sure (annoyed grunt)
sure (annoyed grunt)#this barbecue will be hard thankless work but i am sure you are up to it marge
well it could be a good chance to get to know our neighbors outside of a courtroom setting#you know what you should serve marge ? more of these lamb chops these are the best ever
(tearyeyed) i can not eat this i can not eat a poor little lamb#(fatherly) lisa get a hold of yourself this is lamb not a lamb
no i can not i can not eat any of them#wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute lisa honey  are you saying you are never going to eat any animal again ? what about bacon ?
no#ham ?
no#pork chops ?
(frustrated) dad those all come from the same animal#(sarcastic) yeah right lisa a wonderful magical animal (chuckles)
say what ? cartoons do not have messages lisa they are just a bunch of hilarious stuff you know like people getting hurt and stuff stuff like that#look kids i just got my party invitations back from the printer's
what is that extra b for ?#that is a typo
dad can not you have some other kind of party ? one where you do not serve meat ?#but all normal people love meat if i went to a barbecue and there was no meat i would say "yo goober where is the meat ?" i am trying to impress people here lisa you do not win friends with salad
hey homer thanks for inviting me to your barbecue#wow barney you brought a whole beer keg
delicious#i have got the prescription for you doctor another hot beef injection
(lethargic) hey homer wing me another one of them burgers would ya ? i can not quite seem to stand up under my own power anymore#one whopper for the copper
can i have a burger dad ?#(enthusiastically) here ya go
ext back yard)#okay everybody it is the moment you have all been waiting for the pig de rsistance
congratulations homer your q is a huge success a toast to the host who can boast the most roast#(chuckles) thanks flanders i have to agree that everything certainly huh ?
ext street)#it is just a little dirty  it is still good it is still good
it is just a little dirty  it is still good it is still good#it is just a little slimy it is still good it is still good
it is just a little slimy it is still good it is still good#it is just a little airborne it is still good it is still good
(quickly) it is gone#(quickly giving up) i know
give it up dad piggy ain't comin' back#lisa you ruined my barbecue i demand you apologize this second
i am never ever apologizing because i was standing up for a just cause and you were wrong wrong wrong now if you will excuse me i am going to my room#(furious) that is it go to your room
(furious) that is it go to your room#(pretend polite) marge since i am not talking to lisa would you please ask her to pass me the syrup ?
you dunkin' your sausages in that syrup homeboy ?#marge tell bart i just want to drink a nice glass of syrup like i do every morning
tell him yourself you are ignoring lisa not bart#bart thank your mother for pointing that out
homer you are not not talking to me and secondly i heard what you said#lisa tell your mother to get off my case
uh dad lisa's the one you are not talking to#bart go to your room
why do not you just eat him dad#i do not need any serving suggestions from you you barbecuewrecking knownothing knowitall
that is it (pointing at homer) i can not live in a house with this prehistoric carnivore i am out of here#that is it go to your room
ext kwikemart)#(calling plaintively) lisa lisa
(calling plaintively) lisa lisa#(yelling) lisa lisa come back before everyone finds out what a horrible father i am
hi dad looking for me ?#(defensive) i dunno were you looking for me ?
(i do not know noise)#(coming clean) oh lisa i was looking for you i wanted to apologize (sincerely) i do not know exactly what went wrong but i know it is always my fault
actually dad this time i was wrong#(happy gasp)
too#(disappointed sigh)
while i was gone i got some really good advice from paul and linda mccartney#(admiringly) rock stars is there anything they do not know ?
i still stand by my beliefs but i can not defend what i did i am sorry i messed up your barbecue#i understand honey i used to believe in things when i was a kid
i understand honey i used to believe in things when i was a kid#c'mon i will give you a piggyback ride oops i mean a veggieback ride home
int homer's car  day)#ah the miracle mile  where value wears a neon sombrero and there is not a single church or library to offend the eye it truly is a miracle
ah the miracle mile  where value wears a neon sombrero and there is not a single church or library to offend the eye it truly is a miracle#there it is the chain that put the "fat" in "fat southern sheriffs"
there it is the chain that put the "fat" in "fat southern sheriffs"#i want a colossal donut just like the one on the sign
i want a colossal donut just like the one on the sign#(annoyed grunt) nuts
(annoyed grunt) nuts#that is false advertising lard lad lied
sorry sir no refunds#i paid for a colossal donut and i am gonna get a colossal donut
astronomers from tacoma to vladivostok have just reported an ionic disturbance in the vicinity of the van allen belt scientists are recommending that all necessary precautions be taken#(scoffing) eggheads what do they know ?
(scoffing) eggheads what do they know ?#hee hee hee i have got your donut lard lad and what are you gonna do about it ?
homer where did you get that ?#(genuine innocence) get what ?
that giant donut#well i acquired it legally you can be sure of that
int simpson house  living room  day)#hello ? yes ? (realizing) oh uh if you are looking for that big donut of yours uh flanders has it (pointing nonchalant) just smash open his house
hello ? yes ? (realizing) oh uh if you are looking for that big donut of yours uh flanders has it (pointing nonchalant) just smash open his house#(afterthought) he came to life good for him
help me help me lord#i told you flanders has it (idea) or moe (pushing him a little) go kill moe
homer just give him the donut once he has it that will be the end of all this horror#(reluctant) well okay if it will end horror
(reluctant) well okay if it will end horror#do not you ever get tired of being wrong all the time ?
well except for chubsyubsy over there#mmmm sprinkles
even as i speak the scourge of advertising could be heading toward your town (building) lock your doors bar your windows because the next advertisement you see could destroy your house and eat your family#(leaning in slick) we will be right back
(screams)#(very concerned) bart ? is that you ?
yes#take out the garbage
(ominous) it all started on the thirteenth hour of the thirteenth day of the thirteenth month we were there to discuss the misprinted calendars the school had purchased#(shivering) lousy smarch weather
(shivering) lousy smarch weather#(reading) "do not touch willie" good advice
(calling) homer ? get ready patty and selma will be here any minute#(moan) oh no better ride this one out in the closet
sorry dad this is our spot#oh yeah ? well it is my house so it is my spot
nuhuh 'cause we called it#(defiant) did not
well we are calling it now#(alarmed) you are ?
'fraid so#(moans) they got me with their legal mumbojumbo
just a second#(panicked sound)
(panicked sound)#huh ? i never looked behind this whatchamacallit case before
(calling out) do you see a light homer ?#that is weird it is like something out of that twilighty show about that zone
you are gonna help us clean and organize 'em and pry out all the dead hermit crabs get a screwdriver#(stifled yelp) i will take my chances in the mystery wall
(slurping sound followed by spitting sound) hey you can just suck 'em out#(echoey) hello ? can anybody hear me ?
homer ? where are you ?#i am somewhere where i do not know where i am
do you see towels ? if you see towels you are probably in the linen closet again#just a second no it is a place i have never been before
ah the shower (laughs)#hey
hey#(not echoey) i do not want to alarm you marge
(not echoey) i do not want to alarm you marge#but i seem to be trapped in here
(concerned murmur) we better call ned he has a ladder#what is going on here ? i am so bulgy
what is going on here ? i am so bulgy#my stomach sticks way out in front and my
my stomach sticks way out in front and my#(small scream)
hunh it is like he just disappeared into fat air#(over his shoulder) hey shut up
(over his shoulder) hey shut up#mmm unprocessed fish sticks (drool sound)
mmm unprocessed fish sticks (drool sound)#man this place looks expensive i feel like i am wasting a fortune just standing here (starts humming) better make the most of it (beat then belch)
man this place looks expensive i feel like i am wasting a fortune just standing here (starts humming) better make the most of it (beat then belch)#(rubbing butt) ow watch it coney
(rubbing butt) ow watch it coney#oops
oops#yes
move into the light my son#(sizzling sound) ow
homer this is your physician dr julius hibbert can you tell us what it is like in there ?#um it is like ahm did anyone see the movie "tron" ?
this forms a threedimensional object known as a "cube" or a "frinkahedron" in honor of its discoverer (modest frink noise)#(scared) help me are you helping me or are you going on and on ?
take that you lousy dimension#oh there is so much i do not know about astrophysics i wish i'd read that book by that wheelchair guy
oh there is so much i do not know about astrophysics i wish i'd read that book by that wheelchair guy#(distorted shriek)
no pops it is too risky for all we know there could be cubes in there the size of gorillas and other large#help i do not have much time
cool man#(crazed with fear) (adlib babbling about the black hole) i am gonna be sucked into the black hole i am gonna be sucked into oblivion i am gonna be nothing and what is gonna become of me on the other side ? i do not know (etc)
oh i can not get any closer you will have to jump#(phony confidence) piece of cake son
(phony confidence) piece of cake son#(as he disappears) crap crap crap crap crap crap crap crap
well we hit a little snag when the universe sorta collapsed on itself but dad seemed cautiously optimistic#(distant) craaaaaaaaaap
ext ventura boulevard  live action)#(falling noise punctuated by annoyed grunt)
(falling noise punctuated by annoyed grunt)#eww this is the worst place yet
eww this is the worst place yet#omigod (terrified whimpers)
omigod (terrified whimpers)#(happily) ooh erotic cakes
hmm that one#(desperate) someone's in here
(desperate) someone's in here#(sobbing) nooo nooo nooo nooo
yeah every muscle in my body's gettin' a workout especially my big fat mouth#(wisecrack) yeah especially your big fat oh wait
(to workers) raise your right hock aerate raise your left hock aerate i want to see more teddy roosevelts and less franklin roosevelts#(struggling) two
actually homer that is just one see each pushup includes both an "up" part and a "down" part#arrgh
arrgh#hey where is charlie ? how'd he get out of this ?
yeah he got injured on the job and they sent him home with pay pfft it is like a lottery that rewards stupidity#(sly) stupidity eh ?
(sly) stupidity eh ?#must hurt self must hurt self must hurt self
must hurt self must hurt self must hurt self#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#hmm probably better that did not hit me
yes ?#(beat) hello
may i help you ?#um could you give me a little push in the opposite direction ?
(beat) okay#thank you
thank you#carpal tunnel syndrome ? no lumber lung ? no juggler's despair ? no achybreaky pelvis ? no (whiny moan) oh i am never gonna be disabled i am sick of being so healthy
carpal tunnel syndrome ? no lumber lung ? no juggler's despair ? no achybreaky pelvis ? no (whiny moan) oh i am never gonna be disabled i am sick of being so healthy#(small gasp) hey wait "hyperobesity" (reading) "if you weigh more than 300 pounds you qualify as disabled"
you can do it old boy#(vowing) yes i can
if you gain 61 pounds they will let you work at home ?#yuhhuh that is the deal no more exercise program no more traffic no more blood drives or charity walks
dad#(notices her screams)
i must protest you are abusing a program intended to help the unfortunate#(chuckles) i am not saying it is not sleazy honey but try to see it my way all my life i have been an obese man trapped inside a fat man's body
have you told mom about this ?#no it would only worry her (sanctimonious) if you want to add to her worries go ahead i guess i am just a little more grateful for all she is done for us
(outraged) daad#yes sweetheart ?
obesity is really unhealthy any doctor will tell you that#oh yeah ? well we will just see about that little miss smart guy
(appalled) my god that is monstrous i have never heard of anything so neglige i will have no part of it#can you recommend a doctor who will ?
now there are many options available for dangerously underweight individuals like yourself i recommend a slow steady gorging process combined with assal horizontology#of course
you will want to focus on the neglected food groups such as the whipped group the congealed group and the chocotastic#what can i do to speed the whole thing up doctor ?
ext supermarket  establishing  later)#oh it is a dream come true boy i can nay i must eat everything i have always wanted (chuckles) now c'mon every second i am out of bed i am burning precious calories now get grabbin'
lucky for you this stuff does not work#(dubious) i do not know fish sandwich ? are you sure ?
(dubious) i do not know fish sandwich ? are you sure ?#(panicked) oh twotwentyfive ? that means i lost weight
(clears throat) homer you are um on the towel rack#woo hoo four more pounds and my dream comes true working at home
(watching him work) oh you are such a vigorous young gogetter (amorous) when is your next coffee break ?#any time i want (tiger growl)
any time i want (tiger growl)#hey flanders bad day at the rat races ?
int simpson house  master bedroom  that night)#(sweetly) hello honey
(struggling out of the crater) hi (awkward beat) ah er there is something i have been meaning to ask you did you put on a little weight this week ?#i was going to surprise you but what the heck  honey i am purposely gaining sixtyone pounds to get on disability
(horrified gasp) have you lost your mind ? have you thought about your health ? or your appearance ?#(hurt) so that is it is not it marge ? looks i did not know you were so shallow
oh please i would love you if you weighed 1000 pounds but#(very quick) beautiful g'night
(very quick) beautiful g'night#(whiny moan) i have got fifteen minutes to gain a pound or i gotta face another day at work
bad news dad we are out of food we are even out of the basic elements of food you ate all the tarragon and you drank all the soy sauce#i need a miracle
i need a miracle#("if only i could") oh honey that looks just like a real donut
(enticing homer with playdoh can) dad ? it says "nontoxic"#(mouth already full) well that is a plus
(mouth already full) well that is a plus#woo hoo hoo hoo i did it
(prompting) ah dad ? towel rack ?#(nervous titter) oh my
(nervous titter) oh my#oops no time for that now  the computer's starting (then reading)
 yes simpson#thank you for your pity
int vast waistband  continuous)#i am looking for something loose and billowy something comfortable for my first day of work
computer programmer ? computer magazine columnist ? something with computers#(eagerly) well i use a computer
ponchos muumuus capes jumpsuits unisheets muslin body rolls academic and judicial robes#i do not want to look like a weirdo i will just go with a muumuu
arnie pie in the sky with the morning commute traffic this morning is as bad as it gets due to a fire at the army testing lab a bunch of escaped infected monkeys are roaming the expressway despite the sweltering heat do not unroll your windows 'cause those monkeys seem confused and irritable#(giggles) i pity those poor suckers on the freeway (mocking) gasbrakehonk gasbrakehonk honkhonkpunch gasgasgas
(giggles) i pity those poor suckers on the freeway (mocking) gasbrakehonk gasbrakehonk honkhonkpunch gasgasgas#eight fiftyeight first time i have ever been early for work (bitterly) except for all those daylight savings days lousy farmers
eight fiftyeight first time i have ever been early for work (bitterly) except for all those daylight savings days lousy farmers#(reading) "to start press any key" (searching) where is the "any" key ?
(reading) "to start press any key" (searching) where is the "any" key ?#i see essc ctarl and pigup there does not seem to be any "any" key (wipes brow) all this computer hacking is making me thirsty i think i will order a tab
i see essc ctarl and pigup there does not seem to be any "any" key (wipes brow) all this computer hacking is making me thirsty i think i will order a tab#"check core temperature ? yesslashno" yes
"check core temperature ? yesslashno" yes#"core temperature normal" not too shabby (reading) "vent radioactive gas ?" (typing decisively) no
"core temperature normal" not too shabby (reading) "vent radioactive gas ?" (typing decisively) no#(reading slowly) "venting prevents explosion" (nervous chuckle then) this is hard where is my tab ? okay then  yes vent the stupid gas
int simpson house  tv room  a little later)#(taunting) bart and lisa have to go to school while i get to stay home nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah nyah
i like school#well why do not you live in it then ?
(tentative) dad ?#(sweetly) yes honey ?
homer we need to have a serious talk#you dragged me all the way from work for that ?
let's quietly and calmly discuss the pros and cons of your controversial plan shall we ?#i
you are endangering your health#pro (beat thinking) i am drought and famine resistant
you are setting a bad example for the children#pro i uh do not have to go to work
you are running the air conditioner nonstop it is freezing in here#pro (stumped) uhh uhh i love you ?
(pained) i am finding myself less attracted to you physically#marge this is everything i have ever dreamed of right here
marge this is everything i have ever dreamed of right here#and nobody's gonna take it away from me (building) you never had faith in me before but let me tell you the slim lazy homer you knew is dead now i am a big fat dynamo and where is that cake ?
there is no cake#(moan)
(moan)#"vent radioactive gas ?" (types) yes
"vent radioactive gas ?" (types) yes#"sound alertness horn ?" (types with a quick flourish) yes
"sound alertness horn ?" (types with a quick flourish) yes#"decalcify calcium ducts ?" well gimme a y (types y) gimme a
"decalcify calcium ducts ?" well gimme a y (types y) gimme a#hey all i have to type is "y"
hey all i have to type is "y"#(playful) hey miss does notfindmeattractive sexuallyanymore i just tripled my productivity (sexy wink)
good good for you#(giving a different reading to each one) y y y let's see so many letters to choose from i will pick y
(giving a different reading to each one) y y y let's see so many letters to choose from i will pick y#y y (to dog) what the heck are you doing over there ?
y y (to dog) what the heck are you doing over there ?#there there you found the floor
there there you found the floor#(quickly at first to catch up) yyy y y y
i am going out i run errands during the day#could you pick me up a lemonade and a beer
could you pick me up a lemonade and a beer#(sighs)
(sighs)#(thrilled) the mail the mail is here
(thrilled) the mail the mail is here#oooo "an urgent plea from edward james olmos" (another item) "lisa simpson can you afford to miss another issue of the utne reader ?" (chuckles) kids
can you afford to miss another issue of the utne reader ?" (chuckles) kids#(excited) free sample of fabric softener ? woo hoo
(excited) free sample of fabric softener ? woo hoo#hmmm i can feel three kinds of softness
dad what are you doing down there ?#(matter of fact) washing my fat guy hat honey
hey leave my dad alone just because he is overweight does not mean he is bad he is a sweet man and he has real feelings#hey what are you kids looking at ?
(excited) hey look he is trying to get up to yell at us#do not make me close the shade (ad lib "get outta here" etc)
hey homer you promised mom you would not wear your dress outside#nuts to that i am going to the movies
should not you be working ?#i got someone to cover for me
ext springfield aztec movie theater  a little later)#one for "honk" please
i am terribly sorry sir but i am afraid our facilities are not equipped to meet your needs#what are you talking about ?
well what i am saying sir is that a man of your carriage could not possibly fit in our seats#i could sit in the aisle
hey fatty i got a movie for ya  "a fridge too far"#shame on all of you give me my dignity i just came here to see "honk if you are horny" in peace
hey my dad may have gained a little weight but he is not some kind of foodcrazed maniac#oh that is raspberry
ext power plant  front gate  a minute later)#(frustrated noise) this may surprise you but you can not buy me off with food i am sick of all your stereotypes and cheap jokes (building) the overweight individuals in this country are just as smart and talented and hardworking as everybody else and they are gonna make (panting) their voices heard (realizing) all they need is a leader
int simpson house  tv room  a few minutes later)#i will work harder than ever before and show the world overweight people are not undisciplined lazy and irresponsible (beat looks down) what happened to my bird ?
i will work harder than ever before and show the world overweight people are not undisciplined lazy and irresponsible (beat looks down) what happened to my bird ?#(frightened noise then calling) marge ? lisa ? (reluctantly) flanders ?
(frightened noise then calling) marge ? lisa ? (reluctantly) flanders ?#explosion imminent ?
explosion imminent ?#omigod the plant's gonna explode
who cares ? it is homer's problem#wait i know (types) "vent gas"
wait i know (types) "vent gas"#(reading whiny) "pressure too high ?"
(reading whiny) "pressure too high ?"#(reading) "tank must be shut down manually ?" (moans) stupid bird i never should have put you in charge why you
(reading) "tank must be shut down manually ?" (moans) stupid bird i never should have put you in charge why you#oh who am i kidding ? it is all my fault
oh who am i kidding ? it is all my fault#(to bird) shut up
(to bird) shut up#i gotta call the plant and warn them
(3 note tone) the fingers you have used to dial are too fat to obtain a special dialing wand please mash the keypad with your palm now#(frustrated shriek)
ext simpson house  front yard  continuous)#i am gonna have to shut it down myself fat do not fail me now
i am gonna have to shut it down myself fat do not fail me now#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(babbling adlibs about killer gas & bird)
(babbling adlibs about killer gas & bird)#the ice cream man
the ice cream man#(more adlib babbling)
ten hiyaya and nine hiyaya#get away dammit run for your lives
what can i get for thirty cents ?#let go i gotta get to the tank
 two hiyaya#(scream)
(scream)#stupid switch i wish i had my reachingbroom
 one hiyaya#(flash of quiet inspiration) wait a minute there is probably a 
(flash of quiet inspiration) wait a minute there is probably a #(scream that stops abruptly)
(to homer) we will have you out of there as soon as our tech boys get you decontaminated#thank you mr burns (giggles) it was pretty scary up there but (giggles) for a while i feared for my life (giggles uproariously)
now homer if there is anything else i can do for you please do not hesitate to ask#mr burns can you make me thin again ?
bah i will just pay for the blasted liposuction#woo hoo
hey where is homer ? how'd he get out of this ?#hey everybody up here
simpson stop frolicking and get to work#right away mr smithers i will just walk across these slippery rooooock 
(sneaky chuckle) that dummy worked like a charm dad#best six hundred bucks i ever spent c'mon boy we have earned this saturday now let's make the most of it
ext simpson house  backyard  later that day)#(to bart supportive) sixtyone sixtytwo sixtythree
(annoyed murmur) homer ?#that is m'name
int hall of records  continuous)#(prepared for a fight) listen here my name is homer j simpson you guys think i am dead but i am not now i want you to straighten this out without a lot of your bureaucratic red tape and mumbojumbo
(helpful) okay mr simpson i will just make the change here (hits computer keys) and you are all set#i do not like your attitude you watercooler dictator what do you have in that secret government file anyway ? i have a right to read it
you sure do#(mumbles reading) "wife marjorie children bartholomew lisa" aha see this thing is all screwed up who the heck is "margaret" simpson ?
this is so weird it is like something out of dickens or "melrose place"#(imitates him in mocking mumble) "youngest daughter" (looking at computer screen) well how about this ? this thing says my mother's still alive she died when i was a kid
(imitates him in mocking mumble) "youngest daughter" (looking at computer screen) well how about this ? this thing says my mother's still alive she died when i was a kid#you see that stone angel up there ? that is my mother's grave my dad points it out every time we drive by
ext cemetery  a few minutes later)#(rubbing) oh mom i am sorry i never come to see you i am just not a cemetery person
(rubbing) oh mom i am sorry i never come to see you i am just not a cemetery person#(reading) "here lies walt whitman" ?
(reading) "here lies walt whitman" ?#damn you walt whitman (in between kicks) i hate you walt freakin' whitman "leaves of grass" my ass (looks os) wait a minute maybe it is that other grave the one that says "simpson"
damn you walt whitman (in between kicks) i hate you walt freakin' whitman "leaves of grass" my ass (looks os) wait a minute maybe it is that other grave the one that says "simpson"#(shrieks of terror) why does my death keep comin' back to haunt me ?
you awful awful man get out of my son's grave#i hate to rain on your parade lady but this is my grave (beat) hey wait a minute (eyes widen) mom ?
homer ?#(standing up) i thought you were dead
oh homer you grew up so handsome#(proudly) some people say i look like dan aykroyd (beat) i can not believe you are here dad always told me you died while i was at the movies
oh my poor baby you must have been so upset but i suppose abe has his reasons#(a little sad) yeah well where have you been all this time ?
(evasive) oh it is a very complicated story let's just enjoy this moment#mom there is something you should know about me i almost always spoil the moment
mom there is something you should know about me i almost always spoil the moment#i am sorry
int simpson house  kitchen  a little later)#hey everybody i have got a big surprise for you presenting my mother
christmases birthdays easters kwaanzas good report cardsat seventyfive bucks a pop plus interest and penalties (pushes a button) you owe me twentytwo thousand dollars#(yells loudly) i will kwaanza you
homer do not be so hard on little (urgent whisper) what is his name ?#this is my room this is my dresser it is where i keep my shirts when i am not wearing them
oh yes right in the drawers#(share a laugh)
(share a laugh)#you remembered
you remembered#(more warm and final)
(more warm and final)#oh i have missed moments like this mom
me too#hey mom lookit me look at what i can do
(share a laugh then sigh)#moom you are not looking
these are the calling cards of a con artist#woo hoo i am so glad to have my mom back i never realized how much i missed her
she is nice#but ?
i just do not think you should get too excited about the woman who abandoned you for twentyfive years you could get hurt again#first it wasn't 25 years it was 27 years and second she had a very good reason
which was ?#i 'unno (thinking) i guess i was just a horrible son and no mother would want me
oh homie c'mon you are a sweet kind loving man i am sure you were a wonderful son#then why did she leave me ?
int simpson house  living room  back to present)#(dawning) i thought i dreamed that kiss
oh i had help from my friends in the underground jerry rubin gave me a job marketing his line of health shakes i proofread bobby seale's cookbook and i ran credit checks at tom hayden's porsche dealership#(a little hurt) wait a minute there is one thing i do not understand in all those years why did not you ever try to contact me ?
(mystified) but i did i sent you a care package every week#(skeptical) oh come on mom we use that same line on the kids when they are at camp
int springfield post office  a few minutes later)#any undelivered mail for homer j simpson ?
no (beat) oh wait this#hey
"how many roads must a man walk down / before you can call him a man ?"#seven
no dad it is a rhetorical question#rhetorical eh ? eight
dad do you even know what "rhetorical" means ?#(rhetorically) do i know what "rhetorical" means ?
gramma have you ever thought about moving back to springfield ?#you could live with grampa again
you know lisa it might be nice to rest for a while#mom there is nothing to be alarmed about but could you take one last look at the family and join me in the kitchen ?
we made it homer#it is all thanks to our anonymous tipster (into phone) but who are you and why did you tip us off ?
(wiggumy voice) well it is 'cause of your old lady that i got rid of the asthma that was keeping me out of the academy#thanks
yeah just think of me as an anonymous friend who rose through the ranks of the springfield police to become chief clancy wig #(rolling eyes) yak yak yak yak yak
well there is my ride the underground awaits#(sniffling) at least this time i am awake for your goodbye
oh homer remember whatever happens you have a mother and she is truly proud of you#(small happy noise)
(dennis hopper voice) oh hurry up man this electric van only has 20 minutes of juice left#do not forget me
oh just think lis that is our pickle brine burning sideshow mel#(snorts) that sideshow mel thinks he is so big whatever happened to sideshow bob ?
and he tried to murder me#(nostalgic) oh yeah but what i will mainly remember is the laughter i wonder what he is doing now ?
ext duff blimp exhibit)#(gasps) free duff viva life
(gasps) free duff viva life#(swooning sound)
(swooning sound)#(sneaky chuckle)
ext air show  grandstand area  a few minutes later)#(to marge) they did not have any aspirin so i got you some cigarettes
(notices homer) daad why are not you looking ?#heh heh why jerk my neck around like a goon when tyrannovision decides what i should look at ?
heh heh why jerk my neck around like a goon when tyrannovision decides what i should look at ?#oo look it is maggie
oo look it is maggie#(groping uncertainly worried) uh maggie ?
we abolish television permanently#(derisive) go back to massachusetts pinko
ext air force base  front gate  a little later)#okay so we can not go over the fence
i feel so helpless what if something happens to them ?#i am sure they are fine honey
(shriek)#(gasp) hang on boy daddy's comin' to save ya
(gasp) hang on boy daddy's comin' to save ya#(annoyed grunt)
(excited and fast) mom i found sideshow bob's hideout and i got a secret message to the police and i had a blimp fall on me and i was in an atomic blast but i am okay now#(jealous) well i wrecked the gate but you do not hear me bragging (then) now let's roll
bogie's airspeed not sufficient for intercept (beat) suggest we get out and walk#jump boy i gotcha
i am comin'#now you boy
and what better place to premier their creation than on "the tracey ullman show"  the nation's showcase for psychiatrist jokes and musical comedy numbers on april 19th 1987 america first met the simpsons#well goodnight son
um dad#yeah
what is the mind ? is it just a system of impulses or is it something tangible ?#relax what is mind ? no matter what is matter ? never mind (laughs)
thanks dad#good night son
sweet dreams#we may be the best parents in the world
(contented sigh) goodnight dear#goodnight
(weary) all right climb in#there is nothing to worry about now everyone go to sleep good night
yeow#do i smell cookies ? (gasp) where is the cookies ?
they are all gone the whole batch#somebody ate those cookies
did you eat the cookies maggie#i think she is trying to tell us something
go on maggie#go on maggie go go
renamed "homer"#wake up everybody it is world war three
(screams)#quick down to the fallout shelter the bombs are dropping
quick down to the fallout shelter the bombs are dropping#eighteen seconds hmph if this were really a nuclear war we'd all be dead meat by now say you are all shivering are you cold or what ?
eighteen seconds hmph if this were really a nuclear war we'd all be dead meat by now say you are all shivering are you cold or what ?#bart (beat) bart time for your sunday night bath boy
gotta hide#bart where are ya boy
(burp) oops#aha
aha#there you go now that is not so bad is it ?
over the six years "the simpsons" has been on the air we have received dozens of letters from fans wanting to know more about the show tonight we will answer some of your questions professor lawrence pierce of the university of chicago writes "i think homer gets stupider every year" that is not a question professor but we will let the viewers judge for themselves#hello my name is mr burns i believe you have a letter for me
okay mr burns uh what is your first name ?#i do not know
well homer maybe you can take some consolation in the fact that something you created is making so many people happy#oooh look at me i am making people happy i am the magical man from happyland in a gum drop house on lollipop lane
oooh look at me i am making people happy i am the magical man from happyland in a gum drop house on lollipop lane#oh by the way i was being sarcastic
well duh#yabba dabba doo
yabba dabba doo#(singing) simpson homer simpson / he is the greatest guy in history / from the town of springfield / he is about to hit a chestnut tree (shrieks)
(singing) simpson homer simpson / he is the greatest guy in history / from the town of springfield / he is about to hit a chestnut tree (shrieks)#(to buzz and race) hey guys look what i smuggled aboard
(dodging chips) careful they are ruffled#i will take care of this
i will take care of this#(scream) ants
(upset squeaking)#(re ceiling) "no tv and no beer make homer" something something
(worried) go crazy ?#do not mind if i do (crazy noises)
i will take a hit dealer (gets card) joker ? you are supposed to take those out of the deck#ooh sorry here's another one
(italian accent) the store isa so rich she willa never notice#(stops eating) but it will not make you unhappy right ? (starts eating) hey space food sticks (taking a bite) oh i wish i had these on my space adventure did you know i was blasted into space two years ago mom ?
oh sure i read all about it i mean it was national news (a bit confused) do you still work for nasa ?#no i work at the nuclear power plant
(not pleased) oh homer#well you will be happy to know i do not work very hard (beat) actually i am bringing the plant down from the inside
when homer sold his soul for a donut he found out that hell is not all it is cracked up to be in these neverbeforebroadcast scenes#(rolling scream)
your honor we find that homer simpson's soul is legally the property of marge simpson and not of the devil#woo hoo (jumps up burns head on flaming cage) ow
no let me try the cup and ball#no it does not it is funny their clothes are different from my clothes (laughs derisively) look at what they are wearin' (laughs)
a few years back bart was adopted by mr burns (emotional) in this very special outtake homer attempts a reconciliation with his estranged son watch#bart you are coming home
(to homer) i suggest you leave immediately#(cocky) or what ? you will release the dogs ? or the bees ? or the dogs with bees in their mouths and when they bark they shoot bees at you ? well go ahead do your worst
c'mon big boy shake the butter off those buns#(screams)
bart#(correcting) young man in this house we use a little word called "please"
(calm) those are all good points but the problem is they do not result in me getting the game#i know how you feel bart when i was your age i wanted an electric football game more than anything in the world and my parents bought it for me and it was the happiest day of my life (beat) well goodnight
(to self) gotta change that answering machine tape oh god i gotta change that tape#gotta change maggie dear god we gotta change maggie
int simpson house  living room  a few minutes later)#hmmm we did not have a message when we left how very odd
(allan sherman) hello muddah hello faddah here i am at camp granada#(calling os) marge is lisa at camp granada ?
homer did not you get any milk ? all i see is egg nog#'tis the season marge we only get thirty sweet noggy days then the government takes it away again
(calling upstairs helpful) bart what is taking so long ? if you are having that problem with your zipper i can send your father up#oh no i am not
please bart no more pranks (heartfelt) it would mean so much to me if we could have just one nice family photo#(noticing photo) hey i do not remember saying that
okay#i wanna price some flipflops and smell the new tires and consult the pharmacist for some free medical advice
what is wrong honey ?#(cutesy) uhoh somebody's got tired little legs
(cutesy) uhoh somebody's got tired little legs#hmm wonder where the flipflops are (looking around) "menswear ?"
hmm wonder where the flipflops are (looking around) "menswear ?"#maybe it is "sporting goods" wait no "sleepwear" oh probably "better living"
oh homie look at that watch i have always wanted a watch like that#(coyly) well maybe someone will give you one for christmas
(coyly) well maybe someone will give you one for christmas#(scoffing) pfft must have been a pretty slow century
no returns (pokes bart's chest) for busted merchandise#what are you doing to my son ?
int simpson house  living room  an hour later)#(livid) stealing ? how could you ? have not you learned anything from that guy who gives those sermons at church ? captain what ishisname ? we live in a society of laws why do you think i took you to all those "police academy" movies ? for fun ? well i did not hear anybody laughing did you ? except at that guy who made sound effects (makes a series of sound effects that do not sound like anything) (chuckles) where was i ? oh yeah stay out of my booze
(perfunctory) goodnight#i have figured out the boy's punishment first he is grounded no leaving the house not even for school second no eggnog in fact no nog period and third absolutely no stealing for three months
i always thought i understood my special little guy but somewhere along the road his hand slipped away from mine#eh what are you gonna do ?
you guys made a snowman family ?#check it out boy it is like looking into a living snow mirror
you can not hide from me in this house bart i spend 23 hours a day here#(chuckling) get 'im ma
int simpson house  later)#ooo "snappy answers to stupid questions" i am great at these ask me if something smells funny in here boy
does something smell funny in here ?#i do not think so stupid (laughs)
homie you want pork chops ?#no i want roast beef you clod (laughs)
(concerned) those magazines create a dangerous amount of laughter#(reading) "the all ighty ollar ?" (chuckles) i get it
gee business stinks tonight where is barney lenny and carl ?#ahhh they never come around anymore now that they have got their (rolling eyes) mistresses
(disappointed) awwww#(sighs) well you are closing it is getting late my kids are probably wondering where their daddy is (desperate) there is gotta be some other place we can go think moe think
(calmly) that i cannot bowl wreaks havoc with my selfesteem as well but who am i to complain ?#i am tired of being a wannabe league bowler i wannabe a league bowler
i am tired of being a wannabe league bowler i wannabe a league bowler#(gets idea) hey we can be a team
(gets idea) hey we can be a team#woo hoo we won we won
woo hoo we won we won#(coyly) excuse me but my "team" is ready to bowl
you are short one person#(looking around nervously) uh
(looking around nervously) uh#(re otto) that longhair freak's bowled with us for years
okay then i just need your five hundred dollar registration fee#five hundred dollars ? (eyes darting) no problem would you take an outofstate twoparty bad check ?
no i will not pay you five hundred dollars for sex#aw come on marge you are getting something in return and i am getting a bowling team it is win/win
it is sick and i do not have that kind of money to spend on sex maybe you could get someone with money to sponsor your team like mr burns#(scoffs) burns never gives money to anybody just last week i asked him for fifteen hundred dollars
for what ?#ooh i have got to get the third degree from you too ?
leave the rag#uh excuse me mr burns ?
(giddy) pop 'n fresh you glutinous little doughboy oh there is something i have wanted to do to you for years#mr burns i uh was wondering if you would like to sponsor my bowling team for five hundred dollars
ext burns' outer office  continuous)#(yelling) hey everybody if you want to ask burns for a favor now's the time he is doped up or dyin' or something
oh forget this i am far too fragile to withstand an evening of barbs like that#oh c'mon if we quit now we will never know how badly they are gonna beat us
(sarcastically) well that is a funnylooking strike#c'mon guys let's be the team that supports each other (chanting) you can do it otto / you can do it otto / help each other out that'll be our motto
then back to my place where i will get you blotto#domo aregatto mister roboto
ext simpson house  establishing  night)#lemme set the scene for you marge
all right#it is a 710 split
uhhuh#the hardest shot in bowling it was all up to me
ooh#so i got up all my courage right away my lips started to move and i came up with a chant that won the match
who knocked down the pins ?#i do not know you know some guy otto i guess
good for him#(sputtering) marge you are missing the point the individual does not matter it was a team effort and i was the one who came up with the whole team idea me
i can not believe otto picked up a 710 split he is phenomenal#but but
ahh we forfeit#there it is boys the championship trophy
ah they think they are so high and mighty just 'cause they never got caught drivin' without pants#ah ha ha ha godboy could not get a strike (laughs derisively)
bart where do you pick up words like that ?#(on phone laughing) yeah moe that team sure did suck last night they just plain sucked i have seen teams suck before but they were the suckiest bunch of sucks that ever sucked
homer watch your mouth#gotta go my damn wiener kids are listening
we are not wieners#then what are you dressed like that for ?
they made us#(mocking whiny baby talk) "they made us" that is loser talk you gotta start acting more like me and my team the future league champions of the world nothing's gonna stop us now
(congratulating) way to go homer we win again good job etc#by the way rhyming homer with homer (kisses tips of fingers italian style)
(superominously) listen here (supernicely) i want to join your team#you want to join my what ?
yeah call this an unfair generalization if you must but old people are no good at everything#look guys it is not that simple he is my boss i will tell you what i will give him a shot and if he stinks it will be easier to tell him no
int alley  moments later)#welcome aboard (sotto sheepishly to teammates) it wasn't any easier
well we certainly got walloped tonight eh fellas ? (laughs good naturedly)#(getting hit noises then nervously) uh mr burns next week is the big championship game
int simpson bedroom  later)#aw marge we were so close to winning the championship now thanks to burns it is never gonna happen and i spent so much time building that trophy case
(russian speech)#(hopefully) so you are saying we are definitely gonna win ?  woo hoo i will not need this any more
(hopefully) so you are saying we are definitely gonna win ?  woo hoo i will not need this any more#marge someone broke the toilet
so who is ready to kick some christian keister ?#(steeling himself) mr burns as team captain it is my duty to inform you that
i have always been wealthy (throwing his arms around them) but this is the first time i ever felt rich#(moved) awww
now homer you were about to say something to me#(matter of fact) you are off the team
nice one homer#thanks
next time a few steps more toward center do not you think ?#(sadly) goodbye trophy
oh i am afraid i have had one of my trademark changes of heart you see teamwork will only take you so far then the truly evolved person makes that extra grab for personal glory now i must discard my teammates much like the boxer must shed roll after roll of sweaty useless disgusting flab before he can win the title ta#(sadly) i guess some people never change or they quickly change and then quickly change back
go homer you are our man / if you can not do it no one can#(screams)
live from the famous brown sands of public beach delaware it is the grand nationals of sand castle building preview#(whiny moan) saturday afternoon tv is so boring
the absence of mark rodkin (beat) oh wait there he is#(childlike) marge i am bored
why do not you read something ?#because i am trying to reduce my boredom
you would get some fresh air and exercise#eh i will do it anyway
eh i will do it anyway#come on boy we are going to see the neighbors
ext evergreen terrace  afternoon)#good ol' evergreen terrace the swankiest street in the classiest part of pressboard estates
well if you love it so much why are you always littering ?#it is easier duh
howdy neighbor may i spray you with the hose in a playful fashion ?#uh spray the boy
uh spray the boy#(obliviously going on) well ready for the big rummage sale ?
ext evergreen terrace  later)#hey i never noticed this place
that fancy house'll never sell nobody who could afford it would want to live in this neighborhood#hey what is wrong with this neighborhood ? (shakes fist at house) big shot too good to buy a house here snobby ?
who are you talking to homer ?#the guy who does not live there
can we get rid of this "ayatollah" tshirt ? khomeini died years ago#but marge it works on any ayatollah ayatollah nakhbadeh ayatollah zahedi (edgy) even as we speak ayatollah razmara and his cadre of fanatics are consolidating their power
i do not care who is consolidating their power (finds something else) well we do not need this#marge that is the rhinestone nights fashion gun i need it to rhinestoneup my old clothing
who is "disco stu ?"#oh i wanted to write "disco stud" but i ran out of space (sly) not that "disco stu" did not get his share of the action
(suavely) hey disco stu does not advertise#uh hey ned lemme help you with that
uh hey ned lemme help you with that#hey everybody who thinks flanders should shut up ?
(scattered cheers)#(playing the crowd) so anyone here from evergreen terrace ?
(shouts whistles and applause)#i think this is the best neighborhood in town anybody agree with me ?
king of the neighborhood#say that ayatollah thinks he is better than america is he right ?
(nos and boos and one lone yes)#well for only five dollars you can sock it to him in style
(waving money) right here#and for the man who has everything a tie rack motor
i will take that#(singing to "big spender") hey big spender / dig this blender / rainbow suspenders
(singing to "big spender") hey big spender / dig this blender / rainbow suspenders#hey big spender
(happily waving cash) we surrender#(big finish) spend some dough at table three
(cheers and applauds)#(strutting) thank you neighbors thank you now let's give it up for table five (singing to "staying alive") ahahahah / table five table five ahahahah / table fiiiiiive
(strutting) thank you neighbors thank you now let's give it up for table five (singing to "staying alive") ahahahah / table five table five ahahahah / table fiiiiiive#(weakening) table five table five
(weakening) table five table five#(to crowd) hey what is the big deal ? it is just some new guy moving in
(thrilled murmurs & ad lib excitement which build to polite applause)#(trying to play along) okay let's give it up for the new guy (beat) now let's all turn around and pay attention to me again (beat nothing happens) hello ? hello ?
wow a former president living right across the street#(moans) why did he have to move in on my territory ? look at him thinks just because he led the free world he can act like a big shot
(moans) why did he have to move in on my territory ? look at him thinks just because he led the free world he can act like a big shot#stupid president why could not he just stay in his own state ?
actually this is one of the nine states where mr bush claims residency dad i would not have voted for him but it is nice to have a celebrity in the neighborhood#(suspicious) wait a minute if lisa did not vote for him and i did not vote for him
you did not vote for anybody#i voted for prell to go back to the old glass bottle after that i became deeply cynical
ext simpson house  front yard  next day)#(low mutter) oh look at those phonies sucking up to bush
(cheerful barking)#(sly) i guess you might say he is barking up the wrong bush heh heh heh
(sly) i guess you might say he is barking up the wrong bush heh heh heh#(annoyed grunt)
ext springfield  krusty burger drivethru  day)#(hurried) oh man i have only got one minute 'til they stop serving those breakfast balls
(hurried) oh man i have only got one minute 'til they stop serving those breakfast balls#(annoyed grunt)
that is really more of a weekend thing ray#hey jerk move your fanny
sir could you pop your hood ?#hey my taxes paid for that horn
int simpson house  kitchen  same time)#all right his story checks out (beat) marge would you love me more if i were president ? 'cause i will do it if it will make you happy
homie as long as you keep the car full of gas i am happy#well you can always depend on that
int simpson house  living room  a few minutes later)#(outraged) he spanked you ? you bart simpson ?
and that is why your no good kids are running wild#first bush invades my home turf then he takes my pals then he makes fun of the way i talk probably now he steals my right to raise a disobedient smartalecky son well that is it
ext bush house  shortly)#hey bush get out here
excuse me sir where are you going ?#i am going to punch george bush in the face
okay is he expecting you ?#you owe me an apology
you wanna step back sir you are trampling the flowers#oooh ? hiding behind your goons eh bush ? oooh well you are a wimp
all right mister you want trouble you are gonna get trouble#oh i want trouble all right
then you are gonna get trouble#no you are gonna get trouble
well that is good that is good 'cause i want trouble#(backing away slowly) then we are agreed there'll be trouble
(also backing away) oh yeah lots of trouble#trouble it is
for you#(annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  bart's room  midnight)#(laughs) this is gonna be sweet two hundred bottle rockets and george bush doing toe touches by an open window
uhunh i am not going outside today not with those neighbors staying right here 'til my speech to the elks club#(phony voice) yoo hoo ?
who is it ?#(phony voice) it is your sons george bush jr and jeb bush come outside dad
(befuddled) boys ? where you going ?#okay son give him the glue
president bush is driving on our lawn he must be lost#(darkly) he is not lost
looks like we are experiencing some blowback from the wig offensive#it is time to hit him where he lives
his house ?#bingo
ext evergreen terrace  a few minutes later)#so i thought to myself what would god do in this situation ?
(sneaky chuckle) locusts they will drive him nuts#(holds up book labeled "holy bible") it is all in the bible son it is the prankster's bible
hey turkeys behind ya#for the last time bush apologize for spanking my boy
never you make him apologize for destroying my memoirs#(aside to bart) you did not tell me you destroyed his memoirs (to bush) never
i just drop by with present for warming of house instead find you grappling with local oaf#oh brought some of your commie friends to help you fight dirty eh ?
(sulky) i am sorry i spanked your boy homer#woo hoo in your face bush (beat) now apologize for the tax hike
pleased to meet you i just moved in my name is jerry ford#(agog) former president gerald ford ? put 'er there i am homer simpson
say homer do you like football ?#do i ever
do you like nachos ?#yes mr ford
well why do not you come over and watch the game and we will have nachos and then some beer#jerry i think you and i are gonna get along just fi
jerry i think you and i are gonna get along just fi#(annoyed grunt)
(uproarious laughter)#(sympathetic) oh he wants that corn so much
no grampa do not#(simultaneous with grampa) sit down / you are breaking  / do not touch that
ext retirement castle  ten minutes later)#yay (beat) we are getting a new tv
(muted chuckles and small giggles)#(excited gasp) look at these low low prices on famous brand name electronics
do not be a sap dad these are just crappy knockoffs#(dismissive snort) i know a genuine panaphonics when i see it and look there is magnetbox and sorny
twopronged wall plug premolded handgrip well durable outer casing to prevent fallapart#sold you wrap it up i will start bringin' in the pennies
int simpson house  living room  the next morning)#(whistles) you look great
really ? you like it ? (hinting) oh i'd love to wear this someplace special#spurlock's cafeteria it is
ext springfield  ritzy retail district  dusk)#(dismissive sound) what is the point of going out ? we are just gonna wind up back here anyway
bart comb your hair homer i do not think you should wear a shortsleeved shirt with a tie#(whiny) but sipowicz does it
if detective sipowicz jumped off a cliff would you do that too ?#i wish i was sipowicz
name please ?#simpson family
they are free to enjoy the club#uh c'mon kids let's go sit in the car 'til your mom's done fitting in
that place is weird a man in the bathroom kept handing me towels 'til i paid him to stop#you should've held out longer boy
yes they are better (beat) socially better and if we fit in we can be better too so today while the rest of you were out being different i did a very good job of fitting in so good that evelyn gave us a guest pass they might even ask us to join#(impressed) boy marge you must've really done a number on those rich suckers
(muted chuckles and small giggles)#(agonized scream)
(agonized scream)#(sneaky chuckle)
you know homer the traditional way to cheat in golf is to lower your score#(defensive) that is one way
(chuckles) i am the club pro tom kite how 'bout i give you a few pointers on your game ? now you do not want to overthink#not an issue
keep your head down#(lifting head) huh ?
(surprised) wow very impressive you are a natural mr simpson#really ?
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#marge did you know that kennedy and lincoln had the same handicap ?
(pins in mouth) homer please i have to alter this suit so it looks different for tomorrow#(yawns) just slap some bumper stickers on it and come to bed willya marge ?
yeah can ya bank it into the handicapped stall ?#(supremely confident) seat down
int simpson house  master bedroom  next morning)#oh this game could mean big things for me marge if i beat mr burns i mean really wallop him bad i am sure to get that big raise i have been gunning for
ext country club  golf course  that morning)#(cheery) good morning mr burns beautiful day to be outside is not it ?
rant on simpson but your vainglorious boasting will only add savor to my inevitable triumph#(nodding blankly) yes
(nodding blankly) yes#woo hoooooooooo
woo hoooooooooo#(annoyed grunt)
oh quit cogitating steinmetz and use an openfaced club the sand wedge#(dreamily) mmm openfaced club sand wedge
(taunting) you are four strokes behind simpson#(pleased chuckle)
oh a cunning stratagem sir it is curving right toward the green and it is there#he got to the green in one shot ?
he got to the green in one shot ?#(building tantrum) how  can  that  old  man  hit  so  far ?
(annoyed) smithers what are you doing up here ?#and what are you doing with his ball ?
and what are you doing with his ball ?#and all those other balls ?
(covering) there are no other balls uh just these uh reptile eggs ooh step away they are endangered#these are not reptile eggs you have been cheating no matter where mr burns hits the ball you put a fresh one on the green
cheating for me ? good lord smithers that is patently unnecessary i am one of the world's finest golfers in all the years you have caddied for me i have never lost a (then quietly) oh#so you are not the best golfer here wait will i tell everyone about this you stink
you know homer mr burns holds a lot of sway at this club if you would keep quiet about the alleged decades of cheating i am sure he'd support your application for membership tonight#(swaggering away) bullhonkey i do not care about joining this stupid club
homer what are you doing ?#i am driving up to the main building they have got valet parking tonight
we can not drive this up there they will see the dent they will see the coat hanger antenna stop the car we are walking#but marge valets for once maybe someone will call me "sir" without adding "you are making a scene"
ext country club  lawn  a few minutes later)#i am gonna regale everyone with my anecdote you know the one i tried to say on the radio ? heh heh who is gonna bleep me this time ?
i will not say anything controversial#(sweetly) i just will not say anything okay honey ?
(sweetly) i just will not say anything okay honey ?#(sincerely) you kids should thank your mother now that she is a better person we can see how awful we really are
(turns to family) oh homie i like your inyourface humanity i like the way lisa speaks her mind (puts her hand on lisa's knee) i like bart's i like bart (beat) and i like my old green dress (sighs) i did not have to spend our savings on this stupid gown#our savings ?
do not worry i saved the receipt we will have a $3300 credit at chanel#(hopeful) they have beer and gum right ?
(mortician's demeanor) may i offer my condolences on the untimely passing of your great aunt hortense as her only living heirs you stand to inherit her entire estate#(crying) poor aunt hortense (sobs) woohoo (sobs) woohoo
no it is a standard clause#(confident to family) well luckily there is no such thing as ghosts
ext haunted house  that night)#(happily to himself) yes there is no such thing as ghosts
(happily to himself) yes there is no such thing as ghosts#(stretching) best night's sleep i ever had
ext krusty burger  the next day)#um i will have four tax burgers one irswich  withhold the lettuce  three dependentsized sodas and a ficaccino
fill out schedule b you should receive your burgers in six to eight weeks#(calling out) hey marge  what were your gambling losses last year ?
you gotta hand it to krusty#yeah even with all his problems he is still willing to do something unbelievably dangerous just to entertain his fans
yeah even with all his problems he is still willing to do something unbelievably dangerous just to entertain his fans#(watching krusty awed) wow
i can not believe krusty is really gone#do not worry son i am sure he is up in heaven right now laughing it up with all the other celebrities  john dillinger ty cobb joseph stalin (sighs wistfully) i wish i were dead
int simpson house  bart's room  later)#(sweetly) do not let krusty's death get you down boy people die all the time just like that (snaps fingers once) why you could wake up dead tomorrow (beat) well good night
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#(pleasantly surprised noise rings bell happily)
(pleasantly surprised noise rings bell happily)#hey they need volunteers to play oldtimey people in the parade look i can be a butter churner a typhoid carrier an apprentice i think i will be an apprentice marge
what kind of apprentice ?#that is for my master to decide
how about town crier ? you would be great at that#(hopeful) you think so ?
yeah dad you are a big fat loudmouth and you can walk when you have to#(determined) ah well if you kids believe in me that much i will give it my best shot
congratulations ned you are our new town crier#(annoyed grunt)
thankilydank mayor i shan't disappoint (softly ringing bell) har ye har ye i declare myself pickled tink about springfield's bicenciddilytitentoodilyrintintennial (beat) day#you sudiddilyuck flanders gimme that
you sudiddilyuck flanders gimme that#(loud & authoritative) hear ye hear ye ye olde town crier proclaimed crappy by all chooseth homer simpson and he shalt rock thy world
aw they are just family heirlooms that should not stand in the way of homer takin' my job and#less chat more hat
less chat more hat#woo hoo (ringing bell) hear ye hear ye the homer broadcasting system is on the air all hollering all the time i am gonna make the
(threatening) you are to restrict your cryering to the parade and selected preapproved publicity events#(very meek) okay
int simpson house  kitchen  next morning)#hear ye hear ye what is for breakfast ?
toast#i do not understand thee marge
jebediah was really a vicious pirate named hans sprngfeld his tongue was bitten off by a turk in a grog house fight#no tongue eh ? (poetically) how did he talk and eat and laugh and love ?
he had a prosthetic tongue made out of silver#(studying it) yes that'd do
he was one of the evillest men of the 1780's he even tried to kill george washington#the dastard
lisa honey when my family first came to this state they had a choice of living in springfield or stenchburg you know why they chose springfield ? because everyone knows jebediah springfield was a true american hero end of story#i believe you honey
(touched) you do ?#of course i do you are always right about this type of thing and for once i want in on the ground floor
int simpson house  living room  day)#(into phone) well nice talking to you
(into phone) well nice talking to you#(tentatively) lisa ?
ext street outside moe's  continuous)#i have been called a greasy thug too and it never stops hurting so here's what we are gonna do grease ourselves up real good and trash that place with a baseball bat
(sadly) that will not help dad no one's ever going to believe me#but you have proof we could go get that confession out of jebediah's fife
we could ?#come on we can use the baseball bat to smash open the case
no baseball bat#(disappointed moan)
(excited) oh you are back and you have brought a friend#(businesslike) town crier i'd like to ask you a few questions one where is the fife and two give me the fife
hey stop i have got nothing but respect for the office of town crier but this is well outside your jurisdiction#oh yeah ? well put this in your fife and smoke it
(happily) go go#oh sure i do i always believe in helping the little guy and you are the littlest guy i know
is your name ridley scott or james cameron ?#no it is homer
well then i will thank you to stop peering at my screenplay "homer" and if i see a movie where computers threaten our personal liberties i will know that you stole my idea#i am just waitin' for my kid
he would not let me put it up#okay well that is not gonna stop us i know a much better way to get attention
int moe's  a few minutes later)#(ringing bell) hear ye hear ye my daughter has something to tell you about jebediah springfield
well yes but human decency prevents#(interrupting ringing his bell) dig him up dig up that corpse if you really love jebediah springfield you will haul his bones out of the ground to prove my daughter wrong
(interrupting ringing his bell) dig him up dig up that corpse if you really love jebediah springfield you will haul his bones out of the ground to prove my daughter wrong#(doppler) dig up his grave pull out his tongue
yes#what do we win if the tongue is there ?
credibility#(moan) what a jip
(sadly) i was so sure#(gently) hear ye hear ye everybody makes mistakes let's go home
by the power vested in me i hereby strip you of your ceremonial bell#no nooooooo
int simpson house  kitchen  the next day)#(groan)
oh dad i am really sorry i know how much you wanted to be in the parade#(very sad) oh it is not your fault honey i am supposed to be the responsible one i should not have let you let me get carried away
(pleased) well hey it is homer good to see ya neighb#get lost
get lost#(ringing bell) hear ye hear ye hear ye
our first race is a benefit for daredevil lance murdock (murdock) (murdock) who is hospitalized with cirrhosis of the liver (liver)(liver)#all right liver
int simpson home  dining room  that night)#i think smithers picked me because of my motivational skills everyone always says they have to work a lot harder when i am around
int power plant  smithers' office  next day)#um is this the chair i will be sitting on ?
yah now i realize caring for mr burns seems like a big job but actually it is just 2800 small jobs#uhhuh but this is the chair right ?
(into phone) montgomery burns' office oh hello mrs burns i will see if your son is available#mr burns has a mother ? she must be a hundred million years old
uhhuh okay i will give him the message (hangs up turns to homer) mr burns can not stand talking to his mother he never forgave her for having that affair with president taft#(chuckles to self) heh heh taft you old dog
simpson eh ?#uh mr smithers ? i do not understand 2700 of my new duties
well the van's leaving which one duty is giving you the most trouble ?#um what do i do in case of fire ?
sorry can not hear you byebye#(moans) just my luck
good lord smithers you look atrocious i thought i told you to take a vacation#uh smithers already left sir i am his replacement homer simpson
ah yes simpson i will have my lunch now a single pillow of shredded wheat some steamed toast and a dodo egg#but i think the dodo went extinct
get going and answer those phones install a computer system and rotate my office so the window faces the hills#(writing on clipboard) uhhuh uhhuh okay um can you repeat the part of the stuff where you said all about the things ? (beat hesitant) the things ?
ext simpson house  establishing  before dawn)#(low) lousy twolegged pants
(sleepy) homie it is 430 in the morning "little rascals" is not on 'til 6#i know i am taping it i want to get to mr burns' house bright and early to make his breakfast
int mr burns mansion  kitchen  continuous)#hmmm one of these must be a breakfast maker
hmmm one of these must be a breakfast maker#(determined) well it is my job to cook him breakfast and i am gonna cook the best damned breakfast he ever ate
(determined) well it is my job to cook him breakfast and i am gonna cook the best damned breakfast he ever ate#uh they all won
eh ? what about my options ?#well you can either get up or go back to sleep
scrub harder got to get that layer of dead skin off#(shudder)
did you get that report on the accounting department ?#(a little proud) yes sir i did
(a little proud) yes sir i did#the accounting department is located on the third floor its hours are 9 am to 5 pm the head of this department is a mr johnson or johnstone
the accounting department is located on the third floor its hours are 9 am to 5 pm the head of this department is a mr johnson or johnstone#here are your messages "you have 30 minutes to move your car" "you have 10 minutes" "your car has been impounded" "your car has been crushed into a cube" "you have 30 minutes to move your cube"
"you have 30 minutes to move your car" "you have 10 minutes" "your car has been impounded" "your car has been crushed into a cube" "you have 30 minutes to move your cube"#(into phone) hello mr burns' office
(annoyed) is it about my cube ?#it is mr smithers he is calling for you
everything's fine smithers but this simpson fellow seems to be getting dumber by the minute i have never seen anything quite like it anyhoo you just enjoy your vacation#(hurt sound)
int simpson house  living room  that evening)#(snoring)
look alive simpson i am not paying you to goldbrick (two claps)#(waking up snorts) yes yes sir
now get cracking on my long division and do not forget to show your work simpson#(groggy) i will have it on your desk in the morning sir
kids stop exploiting your father homie why do not you lie down and relax#no time marge i think mr burns wants me to do some long division
sorry but you need a good night's rest#(restful sigh)
the telephone has been ringing for some time answer it#(panting then suddenly calm) yello ? it is for you
i asked for light starch on my nightcap#(being jabbed noises)
you are a travesty of a truke of an assistant#(cry of rage)
is there something wrong homie ?#no
(prompting him) except#except i killed mr burns
what happened dad ?#i punched mr burns right in his 104 yearold face
int power plant  outside mr burns' office  next day)#(calling softly) mr burns ?
(calling softly) mr burns ?#(short scream)
(short scream)#i am really sorry i hit you mr burns here let me put some salt on that eye
(terrified) no please i can not bear another thrashing just leave me be#yes sir
now i can make my escape#(eager to please) hi mr burns do you want your coffee now ?
(nervous) stay back homer approach no further coffee's already made i stomped the beans myself#well can i at least drive you home mr burns ? it is five o'clock
int power plant  mr burns' office  next day)#would you like me to shred those environmental reports for you sir ?
(into phone) ahoyhoy ? (beat) no you have the wrong number this is 5246 i suspect you need more practice working your telephone machine (listens) not at all ahoy#mr burns is there anything at all i can do for you ?
ah and my dear dear smithers you are no longer needed at all you are fired ta#(helpful) you should not've gone away on vacation
cheer up homie#i just feel terrible about getting mr smithers fired that job was all he had imagine how you would feel marge if you got fired from the those things that you do
i look forward to working with you#mr smithers wait
mr smithers wait#you can not let yourself end up in a place like this you have got two choices you can give up on yourself and take the barneyguarding job like so many of us have contemplated in our darkest moments or you can admit to yourself there is only one person that can make you happy and do whatever it takes to get them back
int mr burns' outer office  the next morning)#(whispers) okay i gotcha covered
mr burns may have mastered 2799 of my 2800 duties but i will wager dollars to donuts he still can not handle a call from his mother#you are on
(chuckle) perfect when i give the signal you transfer the call to mr burns after she tears into him i will rush in and save the day#got it
got it#(into intercom) i am transferring a call into you mr burns
(through intercom cocky) no problemo#(uncertain sounds)
(uncertain sounds)#uhoh
ahoyhoy ? hoy ?#(falsetto) hello mr burns ? this is your mother
(almost hissing) mrs burns is 122 years old so try to sound more desiccated and she does not call her son mr burns#son this is mrs burns i just called to say i do not love you you are a bad son montel
so#(scream)
impersonate my mother will you ? and you smithers you must have put him up to it i am glad i fired you#you really blew it this time smithers
stop fighting like a girl simpson#okay
it is for you#i will show you (furious snarl)
(satisfied chuckle)#(cry of pain)
what did you get that for ?#for knocking mr burns out a third story window
did he die ?#what am i  a doctor ?
bye mom bye dad#bye kids on your way back pick up a six pack of beer
i will not have my children sitting alone on a cold dangerous street all night (beat) homer you go too#(whiny moan) oh why can not they just take the gun ?
ext main street  sidewalk  midnight)#(yawn and/or tired sigh)
save our seats#will do
(pleasantly) hello#(defeated moan)
ext sidewalk  later)#aw nertz
aw nertz#which one's itchy ? the car ?
the mouse#oh i guess that is not him then
mom there is a weird smell and a lot of cursing coming from the basement and dad's upstairs#(relieved) oh it is just bart and a mysterious stranger
hey dad can i have $1000 ?#all right wait a minute for what ?
to pay for a lawyer for my bum#forget it
that does it one of them has to go#okay grampa
no the bum#(disappointed sound)
i have got it dad give me $750#okay
well first off here's your $1000 back for hiring that lawyer and $750 for the drawing and here's a couple of bucks for your trouble#woo hoo look marge a couple of bucks
dad can we have $183000 ?#what for ?
lisa and i want to finance a series of animated cartoons#oh forget it
dad what is a "muppet ?"#well it is not quite a mop and it is not quite a puppet but man (breaks up giggling then) so to answer your question i do not know
that is not a leather muppet that is troy mcclure (sighs) oh back in the '70s he was quite the teen heartthrob#yeah who'd've thought he'd turn out to be such a weirdo ?
what are you talking about ?#(sotto so the kids can not hear) you know his bizarre "personal" life ? those weird things they say he does down at the aquarium ? why i heard
hey homer is not this your sisterinlaw on a date with troy mcclure ?#(dismissive snort) troy mcclure ? he is a washedup movie star he could be dating washedup supermodels
(impressed) this play has everything#oh i love legitimate theater
(murmurs) oh well thank you (pleased grunts)#down in front
oh come on guess which one#(excited) i know i know it is selma right ?
int moe's bar  continuous)#(tipsy) aw hell well what about dracula ?
(tipsy) aw hell well what about dracula ?#(tipsy) troy buddy i gotta know what is a great guy like you wanna marry a guy like selma ?
(tipsy) troy buddy i gotta know what is a great guy like you wanna marry a guy like selma ?#okay
int simpson house  master bedroom  that night)#hey look what i snagged marge  the candy bride and groom from the wedding cake
hey look what i snagged marge  the candy bride and groom from the wedding cake#(laborious swallowing sound)
(laborious swallowing sound)#mmmm pointy
it was a beautiful wedding i have never seen selma happier#(offhand) that reminds me  troy said something interesting last night at the bar apparently he does not really love selma and the marriage is just a sham to help his career well enough talk let's snuggle
what ? oh my god#(sweetly) marge could you close your eyes ? i am trying to sleep
i can not help it if mom's workplace contains our tv#(bitter) 'cause they will not hire an assistant
int nuclear plant  homer's workstation  that morning)#donut ?
no thanks do you have any fruit ?#this has purple stuff inside purple is a fruit
this has purple stuff inside purple is a fruit#uh oh  this is a map of nuclear sites around the country as a safety inspector i am responsible for changing most of these light bulbs
int nuclear plant  homer's workstation  that afternoon)#i am sorry i guess watching me is not any more exciting than being me
maybe we can make your job more fun what are those ?#i do not know
i am going after him#boy this is a lot more fun with a second person
int nuclear plant  homer's workstation  that morning)#(moan) oh diablo canyon 2 why can not you be more like diablo canyon 1 ?
(excited) hello ? oh homie hello i can not remember the last time you called me from  (beat) oh you want to speak to lisa ?#hi lisa how is your spring break going ?
(happy) i am learning about owls#oh owls eh ? so you probably would not want to spend another day at work with me
int nuclear plant  homer's workstation  a little later)#you made it did you have any trouble getting past the security guards ?
security guards ?#great ya wanna get some lunch ?
sure#the way i figure it if the candy stays in the machine for more than a year it is up for grabs
(straining) why do you need me ?#well it is a twoman operation and you are the only man here i trust ready ?
zagnut bar mr smithers ? razzles ? skittles ? whatchamacallit ? twizzlers ?#(tempting) they all have hilarious names and are delicious
int homer's workstation  moments later)#boy lisa with you here this hardly seems like work at all i do not know how i am gonna make it through my nightshift without you
we could have a slumber party#oh that'd be great sleeping bags on the floor a roaring fire it will be just like the time they kicked me out of the sportinggoods store
okay time for truth or dare you go first#eh truth (boldly) ask me anything
me bart or maggie ?#(annoyed grunt) all right dare
okay why do not you#(phony) hello i'd like to speak with a mr snotball ? first name ura ?
int nuclear plant  homer's workstation  continuous)#(offended) what ? how dare you if i find out who this is i will staple a flag to your butt and mail you to iran
(offended) what ? how dare you if i find out who this is i will staple a flag to your butt and mail you to iran#(then calmly to lisa) okay your turn
(thinking) hmmm truth#ummm (playful) do you have a crush on anyone ?
daad#(uncomfortably) i will not tell anybody
dad you tell everybody everything even moe knew when i threw up on the dentist#(annoyed) moe thinks he knows a lot more than moe knows (then) well just give me another chance and i will prove i can keep your secrets
langdon alger#(beat) i have no idea who that is
(excited) nobody does (giggles) he is very quiet and enjoys puzzles (worried) but that still does not mean you can tell anyone#(with a flourish) i have already forgotten his name (beat) it was larsen something right ?
whee#what is wrong honey ?
there is something troubling me dadbut i do not think i can tell you because it is a secret#uh you do not have to tell me but i thought we trusted each other with our secrets now i mean i have not told a soul about your new boyfriend
langdon alger ? (offhand) oh i do not like him anymore (serious) okay but you have got to promise you will not get mad or tell anyone especially bart#i promise
(very fast) bart rented a car with a phony driver's license and drove milhouse nelson and martin to a wig outlet in knoxville and the car got crushed and they are out of money and they can not get home and bart's working as a courier and just came back from hong kong#(eerily calm) yes that is a real pickle (beat) would you excuse me for a moment ?
(eerily calm) yes that is a real pickle (beat) would you excuse me for a moment ?#(muffled yell of indistinguishable profanity)
(muffled yell of indistinguishable profanity)#all right i have thought this through i will send bart the money to fly home and then i will murder him
no no then he will know i told (upset) dad you said i could trust you#okay we will work this out together first things first where is knoxville ?
(pointing) it is in tennessee right next to the oak ridge nuclear facility birthplace of the atomic bomb#well maybe we could order something from oak ridge
and bart could be the courier#y'ello oak ridge ? this is springfield nuclear we need to order a uht437 safety command console
uh i suggest you (through phone frantic screams) oh my god oh god no oh this can not be happening this you are operating without a t437 springfield oh sweet mother of mercy i mean i mean my god#and have it sent to the springfield nuclear power plant care of homer j
no do not use your real name or bart will know#forget the name homer simpson have it sent care of langdon alger
hello ? (annoyed) no bart is not available tomorrow to deliver a human kidney to amsterdam#(snicker)
ext street  continuous)#(reading) "helms calls for donut tax ?" (worried gasp)
(reading) "helms calls for donut tax ?" (worried gasp)#there done and done
there done and done#(short scream)
(short scream)#(groans) oh why did i have to stop at the railroad tracks ? better get some change
(plaintive sucking)#it is okay it is okay i am back see daddy's here
it is okay it is okay i am back see daddy's here#c'mon maggie maybe if you just squeeze a little
c'mon maggie maybe if you just squeeze a little#that is it that is it i
that is it that is it i#(annoyed grunt)
(giggles)#okay okay think homer
(helpful noise)# the dog
 the dog#(to dog) okay go boy go find help go find help boy
(to dog) okay go boy go find help go find help boy#oh bad dog bad dog
(desperate sucking)#oh do not worry maggie i will think of something
(exasperated) and then he claimed he was the one who turned cats and dogs against each other why is he always making up those crazy stories ?#(thoughtful) maybe it is time we put grampa in a home
no old people deserve our respect look at jacques cousteau and goldie hawn you would not shut them away like secondclass citizens#(snort of disbelief) second class ? what about social security bus discounts medicalert jewelry gold bond powder pants all the way up to your armpits and all those other senior perks ? oh if you ask me old folks have it pretty sweet
(frantic) lemme in someone's trying to kill me sweet merciful mcgillicuddy ya gotta open the door#(calling casual) who is it ?
but where are we going to put him ?#(quickly) bart's room
(beat then uncertainly) uh yes but we gotta act fast#where are you two going at this hour ?
on a treasure hunt#oh can i come ?
only if you are ready to stare danger in the face put your manhood to the ultimate test and take#pass
int simpson house  living room)#(chuckle) looks like bad news for the (squinting to read mangled mailbox) "impson" family
(chuckle) looks like bad news for the (squinting to read mangled mailbox) "impson" family#(reassuring) let's all calm down everyone's going to be just fine as long as i have got enough beer
(reassuring) let's all calm down everyone's going to be just fine as long as i have got enough beer#(screams then determined) all right that does it if i am gonna be trapped inside the house i gotta go out and buy some beer
(screams then determined) all right that does it if i am gonna be trapped inside the house i gotta go out and buy some beer#now to drop gracefully through the windshield
well things were bad everywhere#i am sick of these constant bear attacks it is like the freakin' country bear jamboroo around here
well now realistically homer i have lived here some 30odd years this is the first and only bear i have ever seen#hey  if you want wild bears eating your children and scaring away your salmon that is your business but i am not gonna take it who is with me ?
ext city hall  a few minutes later)#we are here we are queer we do not want any more bears
hey homer that is a pretty catchy chant where'd you learn it ?#oh i heard it at the mustache parade they have every year
(proud) i phoned ahead#mr mayor i hate to break it to you but your city is infested with bears
very well i promise swift and decisive action against these hibernating hucksters#(happy cheer)
ext springfield  one week later)#ahh not a bear in sight the bear patrol must be working like a charm
that is specious reasoning dad#thank you honey
by your logic i could claim that this rock keeps tigers away#oh how does it work ?
it does not work#uhhuh
it is just a stupid rock#uhhuh
but i do not see any tigers around here do you ?#(decisively) lisa i want to buy your rock
(decisively) lisa i want to buy your rock#woohoo a perfect day  zero bears and one big fat hairy paycheck
woohoo a perfect day  zero bears and one big fat hairy paycheck#(disappointed) hey how come my pay is so low ?
(disappointed) hey how come my pay is so low ?#(gasp) "bear patrol tax $5 ?" what ? this is an outrage it is the biggest tax increase in history
actually dad it is the smallest tax increase in history#let the bears pay the bear tax i pay the homer tax
that is the homeowner tax#(mildly) well anyway i am still outraged
i do not see how you can support proposition 24 dad#open your eyes lisa our schools are so jampacked with immigrants kids like bart have lost the will to learn
ext kwikemart  day  establishing)#yeah when those immigrants get deported there'll be more elbow room for regular joes like you and me apu
ah mr simpson ? it may astonish you to learn that i am an immigrant#you ? pfft i do not believe it
(longingly) oh i wish oh i wish i could have stayed just one more year or two there was so much i wanted to see and to do and to have done to me#(moved) oh my god i got so swept up in the scapegoating and fun of proposition 24 i never stopped to think it might affect someone i cared about
(moved) oh my god i got so swept up in the scapegoating and fun of proposition 24 i never stopped to think it might affect someone i cared about#you know what apu (thoughtful) i am really really gonna miss you
ya know what really aggravazes me is them immiggants they want all the benefits of livin' in springfield but they ain't even bothered to learn themselves the language#yeah those are exactly my sentimonies
(american voice) hey there homer how is it hangin' ?#low and lazy so  (suddenly realizes) hey say something again
(american voice) apparently i just plumb forgot about it (phony chuckle) say let's take a relaxed attitude toward work and watch the baseball match the ny mets ("nigh mets") are my favorite squadron#hey you got rid of that goofy sacred elephant statue
i have brought shame to my parents to my homeland and to myself#do not forget ganesha
i cannot deny my roots and i can not keep up this charade i only did it because i love this land where i have the freedom to say and to think and to charge whatever i want i want to stay but as the real me  not as some yahoo from green bay#(thoughtfully) wow you must love this country more than i love a cold beer on a hot christmas morning (thinks for a beat) darn it apu i am not gonna let them kick you out
(thoughtfully) wow you must love this country more than i love a cold beer on a hot christmas morning (thinks for a beat) darn it apu i am not gonna let them kick you out#(holding out button firm) i never should have bought this button (hopeful) can i have my three dollars back ?
ext simpson house  establishing)#hey marge look what i brought home
(disappointed) oh homer are you rounding up immigrants ?#(chuckles) no marge apu convinced me that proposition 24 is a big mistake
that is nice although three of you are below voting age#(helpful) and i am not registered
int simpson kitchen  a minute later)#hello selma ? selma my dear ? how are you ? uhhuh uhhuh uhhuh listen shut up for a second how would you like to marry apu so he does not get deported ?
oh no that is not nearly enough time to learn over 200 years of american history#oh it can not be that many c'mon apu i will be your tutor
oh it can not be that many c'mon apu i will be your tutor#please identify this object
it appears to be the flag which disappeared from the public library last year#correct now we all know the thirteen stripes are for good luck but why does the american flag have precisely 47 stars ?
because this particular flag is ridiculously out of date the library must have purchased it during the brief period in 1912 after new mexico became a state but before arizona did#(covering) uh partial credit
(covering) uh partial credit#now they may ask you to locate your town on a map of the us so let's do that (searching) uh springfield springfield ah right here
(thinking tired) executive legislative and uh judicial#no no and no (sigh) maybe we should start all over with the electrical college
(pleading) please mr simpson my brain needs sleep the test is in six hours and many of these facts you speak of are completely new to me#sleep is for the weak apu now i am gonna go to bed while you look over my notes from ninth grade history
dude karma#what ?
you know apu in a way all americans are immigrants  except native americans#yeah native americans like us
no i mean#hi everyone if i could just say a few words i'd be a better public speaker
(appreciative laughter)#now that you are all relaxed (clears throat) most of us here were born in america we take this country for granted but not immigrants like apu while the rest of us are drinking ourselves stupid they are driving the cabs that get us home safely
now that you are all relaxed (clears throat) most of us here were born in america we take this country for granted but not immigrants like apu while the rest of us are drinking ourselves stupid they are driving the cabs that get us home safely#they are writing the operas that entertain us every day
they are writing the operas that entertain us every day#they are training our tigers and kicking our extra points these people are the glue that holds together the gears of our society
they are training our tigers and kicking our extra points these people are the glue that holds together the gears of our society#if we pass proposition 24 we will be losing some of the truest americans of all
he is right / you said it homer / etc#when you go to the polls tomorrow please  vote "no" on proposition 24
when you go to the polls tomorrow please  vote "no" on proposition 24#(rising chant) no on 24 no on 24 no on 24 no  on  twen  ty  four
int kwikemart  next day)#(angry) when are people going to learn  democracy does not work
(reading) "dear parents due to yesterday's unscheduled field trip to the auto wrecking yard the school bus will be out of commission for two weeks by reading this letter out loud you have waived any legal responsibility on our part in perpetuity throughout the universe" (annoyed groan)#(to marge) well we will have to organize a carpool (to kids excited) every day will be like a road trip with your dad to school
int simpson car  the next day)#(trying to make conversation) so how 'bout those rainbow suspenders huh ?
(interrupting) dad ?#pretty cool way to keep your pants up eh ?
(alarmed) dad ?#i see these kids now with "jive" printed on their shirts (scoffs) now i can teach you how you are supposed to say "jive"
hullabalooza is a music festival  the greatest music festival of all time#i am watching the road sweetie (then to the kids) "you jiiive turkey" see ? you got to "sass" it "quit jiiiving me turkey" you gotta "sass" it a turkey is a bad person
(meekly) uh mr simpson sir ? can you please change the radio station ?#but this is grand funk railroad you guys back there know grand funk right ?
(quiet unenthusiastic mumbling)#nobody knows the band grand funk ? the wild shirtless lyrics of mark farner ? the bongrattling bass of mel schacher ? the competent drumwork of don brewer ? oh man
nobody knows the band grand funk ? the wild shirtless lyrics of mark farner ? the bongrattling bass of mel schacher ? the competent drumwork of don brewer ? oh man#(calling after them enthusiastically) for more information on grand funk consult your school library
int simpsons' car  continuous)#and when i listen to a really good song i start nodding my head like i am saying "yes" to every beat (nodding his head) "yes yes yes this rocks" and then sometimes i switch it up like (wagging head instead) "no no no do not stop arockin'"
dad please you are embarrassing us#no i am not i am teaching you about rock music
no i am not i am teaching you about rock music#(lecturing) now  grand funk railroad paved the way for jefferson airplane which cleared the way for jefferson starship the stage was now set for the alan parsons project which i believe was some sort of hovercraft
dad no one cares about any of your stupid dinosaur bands you have the worst lamest taste in music ever#(a little hurt) i am just trying to party with you guys
int record store  continuous)#hi there been a while since i set foot in good vibrations music where can i find the latest releases by "bread ?"
oldies#(confused) oldies ?
(confused) oldies ?#but you have got all the top bands in here (holds up an album) styx ? i just heard them on "the king biscuit flour hour" (points to some posters) now here are some of your noname bands sonic youth nine inch nails hullabalooza
karma karma#there can only be one truly great music festival a lifetime and it is the us festival
the what festival ?#the us festival geez (helping) it was sponsored by that guy from apple computers
what computers ?#(sigh)
ext street  a few minutes later)#why do you need new bands ? everyone knows rock attained perfection in 1974 it is a scientific fact
(unison) wicked#back then we did not care what anyone thought and the chicks found that irresistible
sandra that was mean#but most of all i remember the music
int homer's room  1974)#(falsetto singing) "you make me feel like dancing"
(disdainful) it is called rocking out#you would not understand dad you are not with it
i used to be "with it" but then they changed what "it" was now what i am with is not "it" and what is "it" seems weird and scary to me it will happen to you#no way man we are gonna keep on rocking forever forever forever
int simpson house  bedroom  night)#forever forever forever
what is wrong homie ?#(sighs) i went to the record store today and they were playing all this music i'd never heard of it was like the store had gone crazy
before we start  (reading announcement) we have a lost child here if she is not claimed within the next hour she will become the property of blockbuster entertainment#that is fine for you marge but i used to rock and roll all night and party evary day then it was every other day now i am lucky if i can find half an hour a week in which to get funky (determined) i have got to get out of this rut and back into the groove
dad you forgot to pick up milhouse#(sly) i did ? i must be getting forgetful in my old age open the glove compartment and fetch me my brain medicine
(gasps)#(sly) well what have we here ? looks like your uncool dad scored tickets to hullabalooza
(computer chip voice) this is an authentic hullabalooza ticket for authentic refreshment eat clark bars and for totally outrageous class rings it is josten's gooooo josten's#you are not going to school today today your classroom will be the capitol city amphitheater your teacher ? four dozen rock bands so get ready for some wellsupervised craziness while you rock out with your father woo hoo
people have your tickets out throw your cameras out surrender all identification#(disappointed) oh my homemade kahlua
generation x may be shallow but at least they have tolerance and respect for all people#hey a freak show
it smells like otto's jacket#(not getting it) oh i get it
dad you cannot wear that that is a rastafarian hat#(scoffs) hey i have been safariin' since before you were born
wearing a jamaican hat makes a bold statement about your connection to reggae music#well excuuuuuuse me
you know what dad ? maybe we will go exploring on our own for a while#well homer this is it time to get back with the people the young people
well homer this is it time to get back with the people the young people#alright yeah
alright yeah#cool concert am i right ?
where is the narc / who ? / that fat jamaican guy#what did i say ? what is going on ?
do not commit your hate crimes here (pointing hatefully) hate crime#(calling out friendly) okay i am heading out now (then concerned) more butt support more butt support
(calling out friendly) okay i am heading out now (then concerned) more butt support more butt support#(annoyed grunt)
ext hullabalooza fairgrounds  a little later)#oh it makes no sense i have not changed since high school and suddenly i am uncool (sigh) i have been kicked out of paradise
oh it makes no sense i have not changed since high school and suddenly i am uncool (sigh) i have been kicked out of paradise#i will never be part of the scene again
i will never be part of the scene again#uhoh
(hugging him) dad are you okay ?#i am fine
so you want to go on tour with a traveling freak show#i do not think i have a choice marge
of course you have a choice#how do you figure ?
you do not have to join a freak show just because the opportunity came along#you know marge in some ways you and i are very different people
and now get ready for the manwith the iron stomach#(nervous) hi everybody (microphone feedback sounds) is everybody good ?
(nervous) hi everybody (microphone feedback sounds) is everybody good ?#(dazed) thank you thank you very much
(dazed) thank you thank you very much#(reading as he writes) "stay in school your hero homer"
when life takes a cheap shot at you you stand your ground (holding out his hand) billy corgan smashing pumpkins#(extending hand) homer simpson smiling politely you know my kids think you are the greatest and thanks to your gloomy music they have finally stopped dreaming of a future i can not possibly provide
"dear bart and lisa"#all is well on tour with america's most popular alternative music festival
all is well on tour with america's most popular alternative music festival#our first job is to entertain
(cheers)#and i like to think sometimes we get a message across as well
(cheers)#but the main thing is i have finally tapped into that spirit of selfdestruction that makes rock 'n' roll the king of musics
but the main thing is i have finally tapped into that spirit of selfdestruction that makes rock 'n' roll the king of musics#woo hoo
ext hullabalooza stage  fairgrounds  a few days later)#hello ticketholders
(surly) i do not even know anymore#(walking off) thank you and remember do not trust anyone over thirty and now peter frampton
(concerned) is it true that we have to bring our own water ?#we have got a little rule back home if it is brown drink it down if it is black send it back
(taken aback) hey  i wasn't a weirdo i was in the audio visual club#really ? me too but i got kicked out 'cause of my views on vietnam also i was stealing projectors
really ? me too but i got kicked out 'cause of my views on vietnam also i was stealing projectors#anyway get ready beer belly we are gonna show springfield what we are made of
alright homer / etc#(weird echoey burp) (then puzzled) that was odd
(concerned) gee i do not like the sound of that#no biggie i am cool
(aghast) my god those cannonballs have practically demolished your stomach from now on no cannonballs no spicy foods and when you lie in a hammock please  rest your beer on your head or your genitals#(scoffs) rules i am a rocker i do not care for rules
mr simpson this is serious if you take one more cannonball to the gut (dramatic) you will die#(taken aback) die ? (summoning courage) well you do not scare me doc (rock 'n' roll bravado) 'cause dying would be a stone groove got any messages for jimi hendrix ?
so what is it like being famous dad ?#people know your name but you do not know theirs it is great
dad do you wear boxers or briefs ?#nope
what religion are you ?#you know the one with all the wellmeaning rules that do not work out in real life  (sounds of hesitation then remembering) christianity
you know the one with all the wellmeaning rules that do not work out in real life  (sounds of hesitation then remembering) christianity#what is with all the questions ?
(a little evasive) just some report i gotta do for school hey you want some pie ?#sure we have got a lotta catchin' up to do
sure we have got a lotta catchin' up to do#(touched sound)
(yelling pointedly) do wait do you do you feel do do you feel ? oh come on (hits pedal nothing happens) do you feel ? (hits pedal nothing happens)#so i realized that being with my family is more important than being cool
i used to carpool with that guy#oh this is heavy (then getting a hold on himself) okay homer do not fear the reaper
oh this is heavy (then getting a hold on himself) okay homer do not fear the reaper#(worried) oh i am gonna die
you are the coolest dad alive#oh marge i thought i had an appetite for destruction but all i wanted was a club sandwich
homer i am sorry there is nothing worse than a yellowbellied freak unless that is his act i expect your letter of resignation on my desk#you have a desk ?
i mean the hood of my car#i will miss you pumpkins but i just can not share your bleak world view i have got too much to live for
dad what you just said was powerfully uncool#you know what the song says "it is hip to be square"
that song is so lame#(slyly) so lame that it is cool ?
(beat then peeved) well how the hell do you be cool ? i feel like we have tried everything here#wait marge maybe if you are truly cool you do not need to be told you are cool
now they are trying it as a maritime offense (sensing homer's impatience sputtering) so anyhoo how'd you like to use my beach house ? free of charge#i only get two weeks of vacation a year  and you want me to spend it in your lousy beach house ?
(reluctantly) well if it will seal the deal i will take a look at your septic tank see if i can get her hummin' again#deal see flanders you give a little you get a little
(groan)#lisa let's go
lisa let's go#(lifts suitcase puzzled) hey hmm somebody's travelin' light
(shrugs) maybe you are getting stronger#well i have been eating more
wave byebye to our house maggie byebye tree#byebye job
no springfield is "america's crudbucket" (bitterly) at least according to newsweek#(reading) "weldiddlyelcome simpsons" (to marge) oh geez he actually wrote "diddly"
that was thoughtful#(reads) "i left a few helpful notes around the house"
(reads) "put food in me"#i will take that
(puzzled sound)#i forgot my swimsuit too but i improvised
i forgot my swimsuit too but i improvised#hello
(groans)#(matter of fact) it is low tide boys
because it was the only one in the house (enthusiastic) come on homer open the door for your mystery date#(thrilled) ooh captain of the football team he is a dreamboat (aside to marge) do not wait up marge
(giggling thinks it is hilarious) you got "the dud" (laughs)#(also laughing points at milhouse) hey he looks just like you poindexter
how come lisa does not have to play ? why does she get to hang out with her friends ?#you have got friends you got "the dud" right here (elbows milhouse) stand up for yourself poindexter
(relieved/appreciative sounds)#(to himself) hmm i bet this place sells illegal fireworks just go in and act casual like you buy 'em all the time
int convenience store  continuous)#(casual pointing out items) um let me have one of those porno magazines a large box of condoms a bottle of old harper a couple of those panty shields and some illegal fireworks (quickly) and one of those disposable enemas no make it two
any redblooded flagfearing american would love (dramatic) the m320 celebrate the independence of your nation by blowing up a small part of it#(reasonable) all right
"miss perfect attendance"#(chuckles) this baby's sure to kill something (picks up m320) okay now everybody  stand back while i celebrate freedom bart give me your matches
(pats his pockets) fresh out#(annoyed) no lighter ? nothin' ?
(annoyed) no lighter ? nothin' ?#(frustrated noise then) wait i got it
(frustrated noise then) wait i got it#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(beat then gasp) the beer
(beat then gasp) the beer#(relieved sigh)
(relieved sigh)#(casual whistling)
(gestures to car) this is the most thoughtful thing anybody ever #(strangled cry of outrage) sweet merciful crap my car
uh huh#well get a last look at the beautiful ocean scenery kids
did you guys hear something moving around in the attic last night ?#(too fast) attic ? oh that is silly (big laugh wipes tears) seriously though do not ever go up there
(urgent under breath) homer is not it about time for the (points to watch) you know#(muttering) yeah yeah i will go feed it
(muttering) yeah yeah i will go feed it#(singing) fish heads fish heads do de do de doo
(singing) fish heads fish heads do de do de doo#(nervous throwing sound)
what is up there ? / is it a monster ? / we have to know / what is the secret ?#(irked) no more questions i work my butt off to feed you four kids and all you do i  what ?
three we have three kids homer#yeah three nosy kids and you know what happens to nosy kids who ask too many questions ?
(muffled sucking sounds)#see marge ? who needs a car wash when you can just drive around in the rain
you went into the attic ? (gasp then scolding) i am very disappointed and terrified#oh my god marge it is escaped
so i have two brothers ?#lisa please yes bart you have a twin brother you see when you were born there was an irregularity
but what to do with poor hugo ? too crazy for boys town too much of a boy for crazy town the child was an outcast so we did the only humane thing#we chained hugo up in the attic like an animal and fed him a bucket of fish heads once a week
we have got to find hugo#we will search out every place a sick twisted solitary misfit might run to
i will start with radio shack#right bart you stay home and tape the hockey game
(chuckles then soothing) there there hugo i understand all those years caged up in here why you have probably never even seen your own face in the mirror have you ? here#we think we saw hugo at the airport he was boarding a plane to switzerland and (notices hugo then) oh
your microjerks attacked me#lookin' good son
ext springfield pond  evening)#ahh the ole fishin' hole so peaceful and relaxing it does not even matter if i catch a single fish (sigh)
ahh the ole fishin' hole so peaceful and relaxing it does not even matter if i catch a single fish (sigh)#(suddenly furious) come on you stupid fish take the bait do not make me come down there
(suddenly furious) come on you stupid fish take the bait do not make me come down there#(surprised) what the whosa sonofa
int saucer  continuous)#(horrified) oh my god space aliens do not eat me i have a wife and kids eat them
hello#(gulp) i suppose you will want to probe me well might as well get it over with
this is a mission of conquest take us to your leader#i guess you mean president clinton he usually hangs around washington dc
president clinton excellent#except um there is this election next week so after that it might not be him anymore it might be what ishisname uh mumblyjoe uh i saw him on tv the other (remembers) uh bob dole
commence bioduplication#(scared) oh no aliens bioduplication nude conspiracies oh my god lyndon larouche was right
(kodos voice) what ? are you still here ? (sinister) i am afraid we will have to dispose of you#no no what are you spraying me with ?
(scowling) that is slick willie for you always with the smooth talk#marge marge there i was i had just caught the largest fish you would ever seen when i was abducted by a flying saucer
(fanning nose sarcastic) sure you were rummy#(gasp) that is one of the creatures
(to camera) well a refreshingly frank response there from senator bob dole#these candidates make me want to vomit in terror i have got to stop them
as a young boy i dreamed of being a baseball but tonight i say we must move forward not backward upward not forward and always twirling twirling twirling towards freedom#stop those candidates are phonies
stop those candidates are phonies#(dramatically) you heard me  they are alien replicons from beyond the moon
ext springfield pond  night)#(beaten) oh why will not anybody believe my crazy story ?
(beaten) oh why will not anybody believe my crazy story ?#(gasps)
int saucer  moments later)#hold on guys i will help ya
i am so mad at the secret service right now (sees homer) hey who the hell are you ?#i am homer simpson sir and i am gonna get you back to washington before it is too late
friend you have got a deal homer  let us out it is time to tear those aliens a third cornchute#(trying to find right button sound)
(trying to find right button sound)#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#oh no what have i done ? what am i doing ? what will i do ?
ext washington dc  us capitol  simultaneous)#it is in cypress creek upstate somewhere
it is in cypress creek upstate somewhere#oh yeah (calling out window) so long stinktown
i am looking forward to an orderly election tomorrow which will eliminate the need for a violent bloodbath#america take a good look at your beloved candidates they are nothing but hideous space reptiles
ow (annoyed to homer) i do not understand why we have to build a ray gun to aim at a planet i never even heard of#(holierthanthou) do not blame me i voted for kodos
(holierthanthou) do not blame me i voted for kodos#(annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  living room  later)#marge i have got a new job it is with globex corporation i get more money plus health benefits for me and my life partner and they will move us and give us a nice house and
you took a new job in a strange town without discussing it with your family ?#of course not i would not do that (beat) why not ?
we have roots here homer we have friends and family and library cards bart's lawyer is here#but marge this is a chance for me to fulfill my lifelong dream
what lifelong dream ?#(hesitates) promise not to laugh ? (beat) i always wanted to own the dallas cowboys
(firm) homer i do not want to leave springfield i have dug myself into a happy little rut here and i am not about to hoist myself out of it#just bring the rut with you honey come on take a look
cypress creek a tale of one city#(bored) ah let's watch something else
homer you are trying to talk us into moving to this place#oh yeah that is right let's watch this
(quickly) your dreams may vary from those of globex corporation its subsidiaries and shareholders#(smugly) well what do you think of me and cypress creek now marge ?
hello i am not interested in buying the house but i would like to use your restroom flip through your magazines rearrange your carefully shelved items and handle your food products in an unsanitary manner ha now you know how it feels#thank you come again
int simpson house  kitchen  later)#(sullen) we will never sell this rotten dump
even if we sell the house we still will not come close to paying off the mortgage#(getting an idea) heeeeey
uh homer ah about those things you borrowed from me over the years  you know  the tv trays the power sander that downstairs bathtub you going to be needing those things in cypress creek ?#yes
oh uh#(prompting him) okily dokily
hawhaw#i am gonna miss springfield this town's been awfully good to us
oooh#here we are 15201 maple systems road our new home
int new simpson house  foyer  continuous)#(impressed whistle)
(enthusiastic) i am here to welcome you on behalf of the president of the globex corporation me (proffering basket) try the papayas they are juicy and full of papayine makes you strong like popeye (rapidly) popeye papayine popeye papayine see same thing ? same ah forget it how are ya ? i am hank scorpio#(gasp) wow my boss
aw sure i come later in the day i get paid a lot more and i take longer vacations but i do not like the word "boss" hey look at my feet (shows them to homer)#okay
ha ever see a guy say goodbye to a shoe ?#(nervous chuckle) yes once
see you at work tomorrow although i do not really like to call it "work"#(impressed) wowww
you will notice my new best friend that we are pretty casual around here#(stiffly) yes sir i will notice that very casual mr scorpion
do not call me mr scorpion it is mr scorpio but do not call me that either call me hank (sly) uh say before we continue our tour would you mind hanging my coat up on the wall please ?#(confused sounds)
(chuckles) relax homer at globex we do not believe in walls matter of fact i did not even give you my coat#(impressed) wow
having a place like this has always been my dream homer what is your dream ?#(guarded) uh to work for you ?
do not do that my butt is for sitting not for kissing now you tell me the truth  what is your real dream ? your real dream ?#um (a bit embarrassed) someday i'd like to own the dallas cowboys
i bet people laughed at you when you told them that dream#(surprised) yeah
homer do not give up they laughed at me the first time i wore jeans with a sport coat i was the first wealthy man in america to ever do that now they all do it didja ever hear of mike milken ?#ye no
now homer these gentlemen here will be your eyes and your ears and should the need arise they will fill in for any other part of your body your job will be to manage and motivate them give them the benefit of your years of experience#(proudly) do not worry that will not take long
i want you to close your eyes and fall backwards and i will catch you that is gonna show you what trust is all about ready ?#all right
one second (into phone) hello ?#doh (lands with a thud)
workers) i am gonna leave everything to you we are on a tight schedule you keep them motivated#are you guys working ?
yes sir mr simpson#(beat) could you um work any harder than this ?
(cheerfully) sure thing boss#(more confident) hey call me homer
(canadian accent slow) i moved here from canada and they think i am slow eh ?#hey what is with you sad sacks ?
ext cypress creek  retail promenade  that weekend)#mr scorpio says productivity is up 2% and it is all because of my motivational techniques like donuts and the possibility of more donuts to come
sports collectibles (beat) wow a baseball made out of secretariat#(gasps) tom landry's hat and it is autographed (reading) "to berman's dry cleaning best wishes tom landry"
why do not you buy it ?#i can not buy that only management type guys with big salaries like me can afford things like that (gasp) guys like me ? i am a guy like me
int globex  homer's work area  next day)#all right team it is the fourth quarter the lord gave us the atoms and it is up to us to make 'em dance
all right team it is the fourth quarter the lord gave us the atoms and it is up to us to make 'em dance#hey if tom landry's hat does not motivate you then i should just quit right now
i am sorry we are just a little tired sir we have been pushing ourselves real hard to get the reactor online#(sudden concern) tired eh ? (astutely) what you guys need is hammocks
oh hi homer what can i do for you ?#all right what is the number ?
all right what is the number ?#sir i need to know where i can get some business hammocks
there is the "hammock hut" that is on third#uhhuh
there is "hammocksrus"#got it
that is on third too you got "put your butt there"#ummhmmm
that is on third#yes
"swing low sweet chariot"#right
that might matter of fact they are all in the same complex it is the hammock complex down on third ?#oh the hammock district
(to homer) uh homer one second i gotta take care of this very important 'be right back#(bored) fine
back to the hammocks my friend#yes
you know there is a little place called "mary ann's hammocks" the nice thing about that place is mary ann gets in the hammock with you (laughs then off homer's silence) i am just kiddin'#oh
you know who invented the hammock homer ?#no ?
that is something for you to do find that out#any sugar around here ?
hi homer i am keeping two of my fingers crossed that you are gonna have that nuclear generator up to full power by tomorrow#uh yessir no problemo
good by the way homer what is your least favorite country italy or france ?#france
(laughs) nobody ever says italy#(noticing) i have never noticed this office before
why should you ?  it is mine#eh you have any sugar around here ?
here you go sorry it is not in packages want some cream ?#eh i no
(sputtering noises) stop him he is supposed to die#aargh
nice work homer am i prouda you#well
int new simpson house  dining room  that night)#(proudly) i tackled a loafer at work today
i have been so bored since we moved here i have found myself drinking a glass of wine every day i know doctors say you should drink a glass and a half but i just can not drink that much#well the simpson men are doing fine right bart ? you have not even gotten in trouble at school
we want to go back to springfield#what ? we have got it great here and for the first time in my life i am actually good at my job my team is way ahead of the weather machine and germ warfare divisions
(resigned sigh) it is up to you homer whatever you decide that is what we will do#(small worried sound)
t minus 1 minute 35 seconds#uh i have got a problem hank
aw gee homer could it wait a sec please ?#well it is pretty important
well it is pretty important#(looks around) say what is going on ?
(a little embarrassed) i am having a little trouble with the government#(darkly) aw those jerks always walking over the small businessman do not get me started about the government
what is the problem ?#well my family wants to move back to springfield
what is bothering them ?#nothing big it is just a lot of little things
homer i am disappointed but i think you need to do what is best for your family#well thanks for everything hank
(normal voice) telegram#(reading) "project arcturus could not have succeeded without you this will get you a little closer to that dream of yours it is not the dallas cowboys but it is a start drop me a line if you are on the east coast hank scorpio"
(reading) "project arcturus could not have succeeded without you this will get you a little closer to that dream of yours it is not the dallas cowboys but it is a start drop me a line if you are on the east coast hank scorpio"#(disappointed) aw the denver broncos
i think owning the denver broncos is pretty good#yeah yeah
well explain to me why it is not#(sigh) you just do not understand football marge
weren't there three indians last year ?#(excited gasp) look marge they opened a new hightech gadget store you love hightech gadgets
no i do not#(insistent) like bull you do not come on
homer please you are hurting my arm#(cheerfully) no i am not
night vision goggles ? a bathroom scale from a soviet sub ? a suede briefcasecase ? oh anyone who needs this kind of status symbol must have some terrible emotional problems#(gasp excited) marge look
(gasp excited) marge look#(reading sign) "the world's best jacket" if i had this it would show everybody (seething with rage) show everybody
int simpson house  kitchen  that evening)#(concerned) hey what happened to your belt ?
some bullies beat me up and took it#son there is only one thing punks like that understand squealing you have got to squeal to every teacher and every grownup you can find coming to me was a good start
but then they will just beat me up even worse#(thoughtfully) yesss they are a clever bunch (beat) i know i will squeal for you to their parents
this is for the crummy life i have had to live (throws another punch)#(still reasonable) the thing is  oof  bart really loves that belt and  ugh
jeez homer i never seen a guy stand up to that kinda punishment  i mean you took a threeman poundin' and did not ever fall down#(glum) big deal i did not even get my kid's belt back the only thing a loser like me is good for is taking beatings
(excited) there ya go that is the spirit homer i seen prizefighters could not take a punch half as good as you (getting a big idea) y'know boxing might be right up your alley#(perking up) really ?
aw please it is the good life homer some of these boxers they eat steak and lobster and salad bar all in a single meal#(gasp of awe) dressing ?
their choice#you really think i could do it ?
well i dunno are you man enough to test every one of your limits ?#yes
and are you man enough to throw a punch should the opportunity arise ?#yes
("the clincher") and are you man enough to give me a sixty percent cut ?#yes
i will take it#woo hoo
now homer if i am gonna manage your boxing career i wantcha to have complete faith in me c'mere lemme show ya somethin'#wow i have never been in here before
yeah well when i realized we hadn't had no ladies in here since 1979 i turned it into an office#you used to be a boxer just like me ?
yep they called me "kid gorgeous" later on it was "kid presentable" then "kid gruesome" and finally "kid moe"#(noticing something) hey what is this ?
aw that  that is my old spit bucket yeah i been meanin' to empty that out#(gasp) you know lucius sweet ? he is one of the biggest names in boxing he is exactly as rich and as famous as don king and he looks just like him too
yeah he was my manager back when i was gorgeous everybody wanted a piece of me but somehow i just never made it to the big time#why not ?
'cause i got knocked out forty times in a row that plus politics you know it is all politics#(in bitter agreement) lousy democrats
(exasperated murmur) homer of all the crazy ideas you have had this one ranks somewhere in the middle you are thirtyeight years old you do not know how to box and you have not gotten any exercise since grade school before you even consider this i insist you consult a doctor#no problemo
(calling after him) a competent doctor#(annoyed grunt)
you have an absolutely unique genetic condition known as "homer simpson's syndrome"#(distraught) oh why me ?
(dismayed) ooookay let's see the right#(weary panting) just a second
when you are ready#all right ready wait a minute all right wait a minute just a sec
okay punching is not your thing but that is okay you are not that kind of fighter what you are gonna do is stand there while your opponent gets exhausted from overpunching#then i can just push him over
who is gonna knock you down ?#no one
when are you gonna fight back ?#never
what are you gonna do ?#nothing
okay you are fighting a guy named boxcar bob#brawled his way up from the boxcars did he ?
homer i want you to have my lucky mitts i hope you do better with 'em than i did#(touched) gee thanks moe what is this ?
i gotta be honest with ya homer i did not bring you up here to show you my new tarpaper#(naively) you did not ?
no homer how would you like to be heavyweight champion of the world ?#uh sure
great all you gotta do is fight drederick tatum it is this saturday here's your parking pass#(impressed) ooh "general" (beat) who is drederick tatum anyway ? is he another hobo ?
(evasive) uh you know what ? i am gonna have to check on that#well i trust you moe if you say i can beat this guy then he does not stand a chance
homer why are they saying you are going to fight drederick tatum ?#(gulp) (then covering) uh well i was gonna surprise you but um happy anniversary baby
have you lost your mind ?#aw c'mon i will make a fortune for one night's work we could have all the things we always dreamed of a snooty butler carpeted car ports those blue cupcakes they sell sometimes 
but you will get killed#(impatient) marge will you let me finish ? plugin room deodorizers front and rear spoilers for the car 
mom's right dad the odds against you winning are a thousand to one#well i do not think it is that unlikely
(consults newspaper) those are the odds they are giving in vegas#(beat) all right i think we have heard just about enough from mr newspaper today
there is a good chance you can beat tatum but you gotta visualize how you are going to win okay ?#gotcha
due to popular demand we will forgo our national anthem and now ladies and gentlemen let's get ready to rumble#(to himself) okay homer nothing to be worried about just
(calling panicked) homer homer he is not going to get tired you have got to hit him back hit him back#(long distorted annoyed grunt)
oh my god simpson's manager has flown into the ring and is airlifting him out ladies and gentlemen whatever dignity remained in boxing is literally flying out the window#(groggy) are you an angel ?
yes homer i am an angel all us angels wear farah slacks#but you stopped the fight will not everyone be mad at you ?
but you stopped the fight will not everyone be mad at you ?#aaar matey
ah let 'em be mad the only thing that matters to me is you are safe#(painted sound)
oh homie are you okay ?#i can not remember where we parked
i got your tooth dad#eh not mine (tosses it away)
well so long springfield#where are you going ?
i feel sorry for everyone who is cooped up inside watching the seventh game of the world series#(sarcastic) yeah they will not learn anything about apples today
well if god did not make little green apples  it is homer simpson how long have you been here ?#twenty of the suckiest minutes of my life
i can not excape ("excape") lisa our little walking libary ("libairy")#can not they get a pole for that sign ?
that is a hitchhiker homer#ooh let's pick him up
no what if he is crazy ?#and what if he is not ? then we'd look like idiots
we are not picking him up#oh yes we are
there is not enough room#oh yes there is
i just do not think it is a good idea#and i think it is the best idea i have ever had we are picking up the weirdo and that is final
he stole my fiance#he made fun of my weight
int nuclear plant  the next day)#(small scream)
(small scream)#hey you are that hitchhiker what are you doing here ?
learnin' the family business (extends hand) i am larry burns the boss's son#(scared noise)
hey relax i do not wanna work i am so lazy i took lessons on the player piano#wow that is really lazy
lazy ? you are not kidding i am like a rug on valium i am talkin' lazy#(shaking his head) so lazy
i see (takes out checkbook coyly) well i oh you know i just remembered it is time for my annual donation i wonder how much i should give#(excited) and larry and i have so much in common marge way more than you and me if i could be stranded on an island with anyone it would definitely be larry
i think we heard enough about larry burns for one evening#why ? it is not like anything interesting happened to anyone else today
(under his breath) oh "yakketyyakyak" (then turns to homer) you foodbag  do you have a son ?#yes sir i do
and is he a constant disappointment ? does he bring home nitwits and make you talk to them ?#oh all the time have you ever heard of this kid milhouse ? he is a little wiener who
i will tell you what is with me  the humiliation of having a coarse boorish ignoramus for a son#(quietly) eh i should go
(distraught) sheesh dad and i we started out great but now it is fallin' apart like a chinese motorcycle#it is so unfair you are everything a dad could hope for
yeah i tell ya i do not get no regard no regard at all no esteem either#larry there is only one sure way to make him realize how much he loves you and that is a phony kidnapping
yeah right i dunno maybe i should just leave town#(enticingly) phony kidnapping
what are you doing in the basement ? it is like you are hiding out down here#hiding out ? (dismissive snort) marge you have been reading too many hideout books
larry) and what is that hitchhiker doing here ? is every drifter we meet going to move in with us ?#of course not we will decide that on a drifterbydrifter basis
(deliberate) ahoyhoy ?#(a bit nervous throughout) hello mr burns this is the kidnapper do you miss your son ?
yes i am missing one son return it immediately#if you really love larry prove it and you can have him back today
oh how much proof do you need ? five thousand ? six thousand ? i swear that is all i have got#do not you care about your son ? this is more important than money
more important than money ? (incredulous) who is this ?#(panicky noise) just a second
can not we just go upstairs ?#(panicky) no
kidnapped ?#marge it is not a real kidnapping it is a simple hoax to win a father's love
you know how i feel about hoaxes#still ?
i want you to take larry back to mr burns right now before you get in a lot of trouble#(sputtering) what but marge it is broad daylight and there is cops everywhere
no excuses just do it#(whiny moan)
of course we will bring you updates as soon as they oh wait a minute there they are larry burns and his kidnapper#(startled scream)
(panting) we gotta find someplace to hide#(gasp of inspiration) the abandoned warehouse
int warehouse  continuous)#(annoyed grunt) stupid economic recovery
ext downtown street  a few minutes later (late afternoon))#we have gotta find someplace no one will ever go (sees something) hello
drive faster grandma grandma's gaining on us#hehheh they will never look for us here
some people are trying to watch the movie#you do not like it call the cops
(more shocked murmuring)#(sweetly) it will be okay honey there is lots more oil where that came from
with pleasure sir#hold on mr burns maybe we did fake a kidnapping but is that really such a crime ? all your son wanted was a little attention a little love
hold on mr burns maybe we did fake a kidnapping but is that really such a crime ? all your son wanted was a little attention a little love#(sermonizing) i am a father myself sir and sure sometimes my kids can be obnoxious or boring or stinky 
(sermonizing) i am a father myself sir and sure sometimes my kids can be obnoxious or boring or stinky # but they can always count on one thing their father's unconditional love
and where is all that liquor coming from ?#(shrugs) it is a party marge it does not have to make sense
daad vchip vchip#sorry sorry my fault
we interrupt this cartoon for a special report#(excited gasp) someone found my keys
(quickly) now the cat needs his medication every morning #(over marge) no problem can do
and the furnace has been giving off a lot of carbon monoxide so keep the window o#(over marge) right uh huh gotcha (end simultaneous speech) cat in the furnace
woo hoo#a whole week of just father and son (beat) see you at dinner
(stopping) what time ?#(musing) you know i do not know
shall we say ten ?#all right just wake me up
all right just wake me up#(mouth full mumbling)
dad do i have to brush my teeth ?#no but at least rinse your mouth out with soda
int simpson house  family room  that afternoon)#geez look at this place we gotta do something
dad i think i need some fresh air can i go to the park ?#do i have to sit up ?
no#knock yourself out
ext simpson house  a little later)#just a minute
just a minute#(dignified) hello
your son was trespassing on my property and destroyed a very valuable stone gargoyle and are you wearing a grocery bag ?#(confidently) i have misplaced my pants
i am not going to press charges but i assume you will want to punish him#(chuckles) 'preciate the suggestion lady but he hates that and i gotta live with him
(irritated) well if you will not discipline him i will come back and speak with his mother#(alarmed) no wait wait (then determined) madam i run a house of discipline the boy will be disciplined and disciplined severely good day
(alarmed) no wait wait (then determined) madam i run a house of discipline the boy will be disciplined and disciplined severely good day#(whiny) oh i do not know how to punish you what does marge usually do ?
she makes me taste beer#c'mon boy give your old man a little credit
c'mon boy give your old man a little credit#(covering) yeah well i still get to punish you
int simpson car  later that day)#now you are gonna do chores for that lady until you work off the damage you did it is called responsibility
now you are gonna do chores for that lady until you work off the damage you did it is called responsibility#(frightened yelp)
it is eleven o'clock do you know where your children are ?#(to tv irritated) i told you last night no (concerned) where is bart anyway ? his dinner's getting all cold and eaten
int burlesque house  foyer  later)#(annoyed) bart where are you ? come on i have to be up at six am to swipe flanders' newspaper
(annoyed) bart where are you ? come on i have to be up at six am to swipe flanders' newspaper#what the (reading caption) "president eisenhower celebrates 40th wedding anniversary not pictured mrs eisenhower"
i am sorry this is all my fault bart was filling in for #i do not care if he was filling in for mel zetz he is my son and i do not want him 
i do not care if he was filling in for mel zetz he is my son and i do not want him #working so late that
(picking up the slack) oh i agree kids need rules and boundaries#(distracted) yes everyone loves rules
it is so tough to be a parent these days what with all the gangs and the drugs#(distracted) oh yeah drugs ya gotta have drugs
this is the national air and space museum is not it ?#uh this is not gonna be about jesus is it ?
that is true but i was only in there to get directions on how to get away from there#helen as a responsible parent i was already well aware of that
homer i am as permissive as the next parent i mean just yesterday i let todd buy some red hots with a cartoon devil on the box but you can not possibly think it is appropriate for your tenyearold son to work in a burlesque house#(defiant) oh no ? well if homer simpson wants his tenyearold son working in a burlesque house then homer simpson's tenyearold son is going to work in a burlesque house that is
(defiant) oh no ? well if homer simpson wants his tenyearold son working in a burlesque house then homer simpson's tenyearold son is going to work in a burlesque house that is#(nervous laughter scared sound) hi now marge you are going to hear a lot of crazy talk about bart working in a burlesque house
"maison derriere" ? i can not believe there is a place like that in our wholesome little town homer did you know it was a burlesque house when you sent bart to work there ?#(offended) no i only learned that four days ago
what were you thinking sending bart to such an awful place ?#i was trying to punish him exactly like you would so in a way you really dropped the ball on this one this is your mess and i will be damned if i am gonna clean it up
dad we can not let this happen to belle do something#do not you worry son
do not you worry son#my friends stop
(to homer) please hurry#(grandly) sure we could tear this house down
(grandly) sure we could tear this house down#no my friends stop
no my friends stop#let me finish we could tear it down but we'd be tearing down a part of ourselves
let me finish we could tear it down but we'd be tearing down a part of ourselves#(talksinging) you could close down moe's or the kwikemart and nobody would care / but the heart and soul of springfield's in our maison derriere
stop no (etc)#what are you doing marge ? did not you hear the song ?
(marge through clenched teeth) chip#take it off
all right dad you have been warned let's go#hey
c'mon#easy
int simpson house  living room  evening)#marge can not we get some clear plates ? i can not see the tv
is it really necessary to watch tv while we are eating ? we are getting food all over#yoink
(beat) hello marge how is the family ? (snappish) i do not want to talk about it mind your own business#keep it down in there everybody
homer is this the way you pictured married life ?#yup pretty much except we drove around in a van solving mysteries
well i pictured cocktail parties and candlelit dinners i pictured napkins (firmly) homer i want to throw a dinner party#(whiny) oh i hate having parties the toilet always gets backed up
oooh a punch bowl like that just screams good taste would not it be perfect for the dinner party ?#oh we can not afford that who do you think i am liz taylor ?
(sneaky) well maybe we could use it once and then return it#marge we are not talking about a toothbrush here
(calling out) homer ?#(annoyed) whaaaaaat ?
are you ready ?#i just gotta put my shoes on
huh i should have asked them to hurl some bacon then maybe i coulda had a decent breakfast for once#you know what you two need ? a little comic strip called "love is" it is about two naked eight year olds who are married
you wanna talk ? go ahead luann talk why do not you tell 'em one of your little bedtime stories huh ? (sarcastic) like the one about how rotten it is to be married to a loser or how about the one about how i carry a changepurse ? yeah a purse#shut up and let the woman talk
okay kirk i will tell a story it is about a man whose fatherinlaw gave him a sweet job as manager of a cracker factory#boring
a man whose complete lack of business sense and managerial impotence#(excited) ooh here we go
it is a door use it#that is a door ?
(not getting it) oh okay (then falsetto to kids) tata i am off to the beauty salon#(chipper) g'night thanks for coming we will see you babye (turns to marge) well i think that went pretty well
i feel terrible the van houtens split up at our party#marge please that was twenty minutes ago
"you are a coward" no one likes to hear that after a nice meal#you can not keep blaming yourself just blame yourself once and move on
uh singles life is great homer i can do whatever i want (beat) today i drank a beer in the bathroom#the one down the hall
i sleep in a racing car do you ?#i sleep in a big bed with my wife
single man) that is jerry he is a major player down at the sewing store#(miffed) thanks for introducing me
int simpson house  bathroom  that night)#(happy whistling)
(happy whistling)#(agonized yelps) what the hell is wrong with you ?
homer get ready#(whiny) for what ?
remember ? luann and chase are taking us out to hear spalding gray#i do not wanna go to that
you said you would do it as a favor to me#that does not sound like something i'd say
(fed up) fine i will go without you#(calling out agreeable) okay love you
oh my demo tape#(reading) "can i borrow a feeling ?" (laughs) "can i borrow a feeling ?" (still laughing) there is your picture on the front
go ahead homer laugh at me#i already did
you know why all this happened do not you ? 'cause i took my marriage for granted y'know in twelve years i never once helped out with the housework#oh yeah you gotta do that
i could've at least stayed in shape for her#oh and for yourself
i could've taken just a little time to to make her feel special#it can not just be sex it can not
one day your wife is making you your favorite meal the next day you are thawing a hot dog in a gas station sink#(understanding) ooh that is tough pal but it is never going to happen to me
oh how do you know ? what makes you guys so special ?#'cause marge and i have one thing that can never be broken a strong marriage built on a solid foundation of routine
a strong marriage built on a solid foundation of routine#marge i am home where are you ? are you okay ? i do not smell dinner
marge i am home where are you ? are you okay ? i do not smell dinner#(reading note) "dear homer" aww (continues reading) "sorry you did not want to join me tonight i left you hot dogs for dinner they are thawing in the sink"
(reading note) "dear homer" aww (continues reading) "sorry you did not want to join me tonight i left you hot dogs for dinner they are thawing in the sink"#(panicked scream)
hi dad you know there is buns in the cabinet#lisa wait i know you are only eight years old and i do not wanna put a lot of pressure on you but you have got to save my marriage
(thinking) oh okay (hopeful) can i stay up ?#(decides) all right
(decides) all right#(clears throat) as you know there is been a lot of talk about divorce lately and i think your mom might not be happy with me
you have done a lot of crazy stuff over the years and she is stood by you why would she leave you now ?#(panicked) 'cause there is lots of stuff she does not know about
you mean like your poker shack out in the swamp ?#mmhm
she knows#oh i knew this would happen our whole marriage started off on the wrong foot
you are very lucky to have mom#that is your advice ? go to bed
int simpson house  master bedroom  6 am)#good morning you know marge i was thinking about how much i enjoy your interests so i wandered over to that theater you went to last night and i bought tickets to their entire season
good morning you know marge i was thinking about how much i enjoy your interests so i wandered over to that theater you went to last night and i bought tickets to their entire season#look  "mostly madrigals" (masking dread) hey that might be good ooh ooh "an evening with philip glass" just an evening ? "voices of the elderly poor" (intrigued sound)
(sleepy) homie i appreciate this but i'd really like to get some sleep#(understanding) oh of course my sweet i will just make some soothing ocean sounds for you (gentle waves sound) (distant foghorn sound) (jarring sea gull sound)
ext beauty salon  later that day)#(cheerful humming)
edmondo do not you think you are taking a lot off  (turns around and sees homer surprised) ah homer what are you doing ?#i wanted to surprise you with a kicky summer 'do how many husbands would do that for their wives ?
none they would have more sense than that#ooh you are feisty i am gonna give you a madonna cut
ext springfield  street  a little later)#oh i have just made things worse a few clumsy gestures are not going to make up for 10 years of neglect marge deserves someone who will treat her right (resigned) marge deserves a fresh start
int county court house  marriage bureau  a little later)#i'd like to file for divorce
only three cavities bart your best checkup ever i am going to make you my specialty  butterscotch chicken#(serious) marge ? can you come in here ? we need to talk
(startled gasp)#marge will you marry me ?
(confused) why ? am i pregnant ?#(tenderly) no it is a second wedding honey our first one was so crummy i had to make it up to you i really love you
(touched) oh homie i know you love me we do not need to get married again#yes we do i got us a divorce this afternoon
(stunned but not angry) what ?#i did not want a hokey second wedding like those ones on tv this one is for real i want our marriage to be perfect right from the start so we do not end up like kirk and luann
dearly beloved #wait i want one last chance to enjoy single life
wait i want one last chance to enjoy single life#okay ready
i will now read the special vows which homer has prepared for this occasion do you marge take homer in richness and in poorness ? poorness is underlined in impotence and in potence ? in quiet solitude or blasting across the alkali flats in a jetpowered monkeynavigated  (looks at cards) and it goes on like this#it does not matter all i want to know is will you make me the luckiest guy in the world again ?
int kwikemart  the next morning)#(sneaky chuckle)
(sneaky chuckle)#(whistling to cover then suspiciously) eh mornin' apu
good morning (ringing it up) one donut with sprinkles and (notices something) (gasp) wait a minute  these are not sprinkles sir#(still covering) whaddya mean ?
you have clearly taken items from the candy rack and placed them on top of the donut in an attempt to pass them off as sprinkles#(phony) well it was like that when i got here it really was
ah looks like we put the kibosh on another twobit telephone swindle boys frankly i would've expected better from jimmy the scumbag#hey what is this thing ?
jimmy) this bird was using it to pull a telemarketing scam but instead he is gonna rot in the slammer for the next twenty years  bread and water icy showers guards whompin' your ass 'round the clock and the only way out is suicide#(getting an idea) telemarketing eh ?
an automatic dialer ? is that legal ? i do not want you getting arrested homer#i will not
or swindling our neighbors#(short beat) let me show you how it works this baby has every phone number in town programmed into it it automatically calls them one by one and plays my message listen
(considers it) hmm one dollar for eternal happiness mmmm i'd be happier with the dollar#(laughs) now we just sit by the mailbox and watch the money roll in
but you are going to annoy thousands of people just to make a few measly dollars it is nothing but panhandling#(nodding proudly) telepanhandling
but i am all milhouse plus my mom says i am the handsomest guy in school#(pained annoyed grunt)
ext simpson house  that afternoon)#woo hoo two dollars it is working
(interrupting excited gasp) why it is the at5000 autodialer my very first patent (beat sad) aw wouldja listen to the gibberish they have got you saying it is sad and alarming you were designed to alert schoolchildren about snow days and such well let's get you home to frinky hope your wheels still work (frink noise)#oh no you do not
that is it ned if you do not unplug that phone right now you are sleeping on the lawn#(yells out window) will you two shut up ? people are trying to sleep
(loud whisper) lisa the cops are chasing me i need a place to hide#lisa's window is the next one
(furious) ned did you plug that phone back in ?#shut up
well that thing's been drivin' the whole town nuts got me out of the bath seven times seven#hey who shot the autodialer ? (sees cops eyes dart) marge's autodialer ?
ext simpson house  backyard  hot summer day)#(sucking sounds faint distress noises)
dad wake up#(waking)  is it wah ?
i think a hurricane is coming#(wobbly while still twisting and turning) oh lisa there is no record of a hurricane ever hitting springfield
(anxious whining)#what is it boy ? fire ? earthquake ? hippies ?
what is it boy ? fire ? earthquake ? hippies ?#(gasp) hurricane (wisely) somehow the animals are always the first to know
(excited) oh it will be fun we are gonna go through our old cancelled checks and receipts and give ourselves an audit make sure we do not owe anything extra#(politely) oh i am sure i'd be a third wheel
(chuckles) no sirree we'd be happy as hens to ha#(firm) i would make it my business to be a third wheel
okillydokilly (notices something) oo i better go take down the manger scene if baby jesus got loose he could really do some damage#(yelling over wind) okay it is the standard grampa drill everybody into the cellar
why do not we do something to take our minds off the storm ?#use your main finger on the yellow side and your other finger on the orange side and turn it
it is dying down#all clear everyone
dad no this may just be the eye of the hurricane#relax can not you see how eerily calm it is ?
relax can not you see how eerily calm it is ?#see ? i told you it was over
see ? i told you it was over#(curious) hmm i do not remember a bowling alley being th (realizes then screams)
the hurricane's over#he fell for it way to go marge
well sir everyone's alive guess that is something to be thankful for#(helpful) now that kinda attitude's not gonna get your house back
i am sure your insurance will cover the house#(frustrated) talk to me
y'know it is kinda funny the only thing that survived the storm were the family tombstones they are all we have left#(oblivious) well call us if you need anything
(murmurs of agreement) glad to do it / sure / happy to help out / etc#hope you like it neighbor we did not have the best tools or all the knowhow but we did have a wheelbarrow full of love
int new flanders house  living room  a few seconds later)#the living and dining rooms with a lovely flow for entertaining
uhhuh ooh looks like a loose nail#eh one out of twentyfive ain't bad
eh one out of twentyfive ain't bad#your beautiful kitchen ned just as you remember it
well i have seen about enough#so flanders what do you think of the house that love built ?
so flanders what do you think of the house that love built ?#(somewhat disappointed) aw shoot
homer you are the worst human being i have ever met#(relieved) hey i got off pretty easy
int simpson house  living room  a little later)#(frenzied beer requests) beer gimme some beer
(frenzied beer requests) beer gimme some beer#yello ? yes mental hospital ? (pause) i do not know any "ned flanders"
(prompting) the man who lived next door until his house blew down#(remembering thoughtfully) oh him
homer can you be that annoying ?#(defensive) i what ?
int flanders' booth  continuous)#(reading) "ned flanders i mock your value system you also appear foolish in the eyes of others"
mmm he is not responding (into microphone) proceed to level two antagonism#(reading) "past instances in which i professed to like you were fraudulent"
ah he is still repressing (into mike) maximum hostility factor#(reading) "i engaged in intercourse with your spouse or significant other" (to doctors) now that is psychiatry (baiting flanders) eh ? eh ?
(pleasantly) ho ho ho very funny wise guy#aw that is it you just can not insult this guy you call him a moron and he just sits there grinning moronly
(grinning) hi neighbor#(offhand) you know what your problem is flanders ? you are afraid to be human
(sharply) homer#because humans are obnoxious sometimes humans hate things
(cautious) um did you like it ?#c'mon flanders there is got to be something you hate what about mosquito bites ?
(happily disagreeing) mmm mmm 'sure are fun to scratch mmm satisfying#what about uh (looks around) fluorescent lights ?
oh they hum like angels you are never lonely if you have got a fluorescent light#see ? you like everything
(tentative smattering of applause and ad libs)#(chuckling warmly) ned you so crazy
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#(grumble) oh why do they have to put all this crud in my newspaper ? (discards sections contemptuous) "world" "the arts" "religion" (pleased) aha here it is "kickin' back"
"kickin' back"#hey who cut something out of my paper ?
homer i happen to like handicrafts much more than stuffing my face#(desolate whimper)
well do not look at me (evasive) just because i am holding a pair of scissors (beat) scissors which i need to uh to gussyup these curtains#hello ? oh hi lenny no why would i need a ride this afternoon ?
hello ? oh hi lenny no why would i need a ride this afternoon ?#(yells) where ? to the big annual what ?
(yells) where ? to the big annual what ?#lenny ? aw well if it was big and annual i am sure they'd have mentioned it in the newspaper
lenny ? aw well if it was big and annual i am sure they'd have mentioned it in the newspaper#yeah it is a lazy dogdangling afternoon (musing) but something's a little off
yeah it is a lazy dogdangling afternoon (musing) but something's a little off#hey marge you do not smoke
(covering) well i just felt like filling the house with the rich satisfying smell of tobacco (cough)#(low whistle) you are nuts (his nose crinkles) i gotta get some fresh air
no homie wait#what is wrong with you ? what are you trying to hide from m (stops sniffs) what is that smell ? onions chili powder cumin juicy ground chuck (realizing) it is chili oh my god i am missing the chili cookoff
what is wrong with you ? what are you trying to hide from m (stops sniffs) what is that smell ? onions chili powder cumin juicy ground chuck (realizing) it is chili oh my god i am missing the chili cookoff#i am missing the cookoff it is going on right now and i am missin' it
ext fairgrounds  day  last year)#(drunkenly) look at me i am a puffy pink cloud
(drunkenly) look at me i am a puffy pink cloud#oh well of course everything looks bad if you remember it now where are my chili boots ? ah
okay we will go to the chili cookoff but i want you to promise me you will not have any beer#(testy) okay quit naggin' me i will not have any beer geez why do not you have a cigarette or something ?
eight spices oh some must be doubles (reads a bottle befuddled) "oruhgahno ?" what the hell ?#(whiny) marge we are missing the chili less artsy more fartsy
(whiny) marge we are missing the chili less artsy more fartsy#(disappointed putupon) fine i will come find you when i am ready to stop having fun
no drinking#(muttering to self) stupor pooper
(hushed) they say he carved it himself from a bigger spoon#fivealarm chili eh ?
umhm#(tastes it) one two (frowns) hey what is the big idea ?
woowoo#(smacking lips reflectively) hmmm a bland timid entry  suitable perhaps for patients recovering from surgery heh heh heh
that simpson he thinks he is the pope of chilitown well this year i am ready for him#(dramatically) hello chief
grown deep in the jungle primeval by the inmates of a guatemalan insane asylum#(dismissive) uh wiggy ? my chili's gettin' cold
(dismissive) uh wiggy ? my chili's gettin' cold#(agonized bellow)
(agonized bellow)#(gasping & panting) hot hot (etc)
(mad) you promised you would not drink#(defiant and whiny) but i need it
(defiant and whiny) but i need it#aw lousy wiggum now the whole town thinks i am a chili wuss
you do not wanna get wax in your mouth do you ?#(getting an idea) maybe i do son maybe i do
(getting an idea) maybe i do son maybe i do#(lockjawed) outstanding
(stunned murmuring)#(cocky still lockjawed) more please
his ears if we are lucky#well chief do not quit your day job heh heh heh whatever that is
well chief do not quit your day job heh heh heh whatever that is#heh heh my finest hour (then pouting) and marge wasn't even here to see it
heh heh my finest hour (then pouting) and marge wasn't even here to see it#(timidly) ooh i do not feel so good
(timidly) ooh i do not feel so good#flanders you gotta help me
(bewildered babbly wail)#what is happening to me ? okay retrace your steps woke up fought with marge ate guatemalan insanity peppers then i  (dawning) ohhhh
ext hallucinatory desert  neither day nor night)#where am i ? shelbyville ?
where am i ? shelbyville ?#(panicky) come on marge will you fight fair i never do this to you
(panicky) come on marge will you fight fair i never do this to you#(looks around) man this is crazy i hope i did not brain my damage i'd better check my pupils
(looks around) man this is crazy i hope i did not brain my damage i'd better check my pupils#(thunderstruck) oh kay i think i am gonna be leaving now
(thunderstruck) oh kay i think i am gonna be leaving now#huh ? sunrise sunset sunrise sunset (sings) sunrise sunset / sunrise sunset (etc)
huh ? sunrise sunset sunrise sunset (sings) sunrise sunset / sunrise sunset (etc)#(short scream)
(short scream)#(gulp) note to self stop doing anything
ext hallucinatory desert  "night")#(threatening) hey buddy get back there with the other rocks
(threatening) hey buddy get back there with the other rocks#huh ? a tortoise ?
huh ? a tortoise ?#follow the (gasp) this must be why i am here follow the what ? follow the what ? hurry up
follow the (gasp) this must be why i am here follow the what ? follow the what ? hurry up#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#get moving you stupid when i am kicking you that means "hurry up" come on
get moving you stupid when i am kicking you that means "hurry up" come on#oh you want me to climb that huh ? no problemo
oh you want me to climb that huh ? no problemo#(groans) this is 'cause i kicked you is not it ?
ext hallucination  top of mayan pyramid  hours later)#(panting) marge thank god you are here where is the car ?
(panting) marge thank god you are here where is the car ?#marge ? (beat) marge ? (grouchy) oh now what ? if you are still mad at me i am gonna be really mad
marge ? (beat) marge ? (grouchy) oh now what ? if you are still mad at me i am gonna be really mad#(at wit is end) aw i hate this place why am i here ?
you are on a quest for knowledge#who said that ?
fear not homer i am your spirit guide#hiya
there is a lesson you must learn#if it is about laying off the insanity peppers i am way ahead of you
no i speak of a deeper wisdom the problem homer is that the mind is always chattering away with a thousand thoughts at once#yeah that is me all right
clarity is the path to inner peace#but what should i do ? should i meditate ? should i get rid of all my possessions ?
(snorts) are you kidding ? if anything you should get more possessions you do not even have a computer#(musing) you know i have been meaning to take a spiritual journey and i would  hey
(snarling and growling)#knock it off
(letting go) sorry (defensive) i am a coyote#(impatient) look just gimme some inner peace or i will mop the floor with ya
to make yourself complete you must find your soul mate#soul mate ?
your kindred spirit the one with whom you share an unspoken bond a profound mystical understanding#(disappointed) that is it ? well that is marge big deal (sarcastic) great spiritual quest wolfie my soul mate is marge
(enigmatic) is it ?#hey wait come back (moans)
hey wait come back (moans)#(frozen with fear yelps) a ghost train and so little time to get out of the way now less now none
(frozen with fear yelps) a ghost train and so little time to get out of the way now less now none#(scream)
ext country club  golf course  morning)#(annoyed grunt)
hey get off the course you bum security#wha ? golf course ? did i dream that whole thing ? maybe the desert was just this sand trap (looks around) oh and i bet that crazy pyramid was just the pro shop
wha ? golf course ? did i dream that whole thing ? maybe the desert was just this sand trap (looks around) oh and i bet that crazy pyramid was just the pro shop#carl ?
carl ?#and that talking coyote was really just a talking dog
hi homer find your soul mate#hey wait a minute there is no such thing as a talking dog
(barks a couple of times)#damn straight
so then i says to mabel i says#hi kids
(to lisa) i will finish this later (to homer) hi dad#where is your mother ?
so anyway i says to mabel i says#hi honey
hi honey#(singsong) uhoh i guess you are cranky because i did not come home last night
(without turning) (teeth gritted) i am "cranky" because my husband got drunk and humiliated me in front of the entire town you broke your promise homer#(sweetly) oh honey i did not get drunk i just went to a strange fantasy world (beat no response) c'mon you gotta believe me you are my soul mate
do not "soul mate" me#(tiny voice) okay
(tiny voice) okay#(troubled) that coyote said my soul mate would understand me but marge does not understand me at all maybe we are not kindred spirits we do not have anything in common
(troubled) that coyote said my soul mate would understand me but marge does not understand me at all maybe we are not kindred spirits we do not have anything in common#look at these records jim nabors glen campbell the doodletown pipers now look at her records they stink (sigh) maybe i had that crazy dream for a reason
look at these records jim nabors glen campbell the doodletown pipers now look at her records they stink (sigh) maybe i had that crazy dream for a reason#wherever my soul mate is it is not here
wherever my soul mate is it is not here#i always just figured my wife was my soul mate but if it is not marge then who is it ? where do i begin looking ?
int moe's bar  a little later)#hey barney soul mate let me buy you a beer
okay but i am not your soul mate i am really more of a chum#well what about you lenny ?
ext street  later)#hello ? is this gbm ? uh yeah i read in the personals you were seeking a soul mate and well i also like rainy days and movies (beat listens) uh huh (pleasant) uh no i do not like that (listens) or that (listens) no it is not that i am afraid i am gonna hang up now byebye (moans) oh i give up
find your soul mate homer find your soul mate#where ? where ?
ext waterfront district  night)#huh what is that blinking light ?
huh what is that blinking light ?#(hopeful gasp) the lighthouse keeper
ext stormy seacoast  minutes later)#the loneliest man in the world he will understand me
the loneliest man in the world he will understand me#(pants) earl my new friend's name is earl
(pants) earl my new friend's name is earl#here i come buddy no more loneliness for homer and earl
int lighthouse control room  continuous)#a machine ? earl's a machine (crazily sarcastic) oh that is just perfect homer's desperate search for a soul mate has yielded a lighthousekeeping robot oh wow
either that or batman has really let himself go#alone i am alone i am a lonely insignificant speck on a hasbeen planet orbited by a cold indifferent sun
alone i am alone i am a lonely insignificant speck on a hasbeen planet orbited by a cold indifferent sun#a ship a ship with people i know i will bring them to me and then they will have to be my friends
a ship a ship with people i know i will bring them to me and then they will have to be my friends#come here people (triumphant laugh)
(thoughtful) aye the hotpants#(gleeful laugh) well i will not be lonely for long
(gleeful laugh) well i will not be lonely for long#(satisfied crazy giggling)
(satisfied crazy giggling)#(startled sounds)
oh homer thank goodness you are safe#marge ?
i woke up and you weren't there and i was so worried#really ? you were ? (beat) but how did you find me ?
well i was sure you would be on foot because you always say public transportation is for losers and i was sure you would head west because springfield slopes down that way and then i saw the lighthouse and i remembered how you love blinking lights like the one on the waffle iron#or that little guy on the "do not walk" sign
yeah#wow marge you really do understand me see i thought we weren't soul mates because
(finishing his sentence) we had a fight ?#right and we do not like the same things it is like you are from venus
and you are from mars#oh sure give me the one with all the monsters
homer do not you see ? our differences are only skindeep#(realizing) but our sames go right down to the bone maybe we do have a
a profound mystical understanding ?#(ecstatic) hey we do oh marge
(ecstatic) hey we do oh marge#we are number one we are number one in your face space coyote
(to self) space coyote ?#omigod the ship
(gasp) we will all be killed#the light we gotta get the light back on
int lighthouse  continuous)#they see us they are starting to turn
we did it#we sure did soul mate
int power plant  day)#tgif guys i am off to moe's
but homer it is ten in the morning#do not worry i have a plan i saw this in a movie about a bus that had to speed around a city keeping its speed over fifty and if its speed dropped it would explode i think it was called "the bus that could not slow down" first i hook this common vcr into the security camera system like so
do not worry i have a plan i saw this in a movie about a bus that had to speed around a city keeping its speed over fifty and if its speed dropped it would explode i think it was called "the bus that could not slow down" first i hook this common vcr into the security camera system like so#then i insert this old videotape of us working on a continuous loop
another duff homer ?#nah it is friday night moe i wanna try something special
uh here you go dff (doof) from sweden (nervous chuckle)#skoal (sips) wait a minute  this is duff
(nasty laugh) ah ha ha you got me did not ya ? (handing homer a beer) all right here you go  "red tick beer"#hmm bold  refreshing and something i can not quite put my finger on
int moe's tavern  late at night)#well it is one am better go home and spend some quality time with the kids
just a second homer you gotta take a breathalyzer test before i let you drive home#eh i guess i will walk home
ext street  a little later)#(screams)
(screams)#(screams)
oh son i am glad to see ya i went for the morning paper and i got lost and#no time for you old man
(sadly) aww#(hyperventilates) please do not hurt me
(a high almost childlike voice) do not be afraid#(screams) yaaaa
(screams) yaaaa#uh
homer it is two am what happened ?#it was an alien marge it appeared in front of me and said "do not be afraid"
have you been drinking ?#no well ten beers
int kitchen  morning)#i am telling you i saw a creature from another planet
maybe you just dreamed it#oh yeah ? well when i came to i was covered with a sticky translucent goo explain that
(enters with tray) more sausage ?#(drooling noise)
dad according to "junior skeptic magazine" the chances are a hundred seventyfive milliontoone of another form of life actually coming in contact with ours#so ?
i am the thing from uranus#(shrieks then realizing) oh it is bart i can not believe it i am being mocked by my own children on my birthday
it is your birthday ?#(hurt) yes remember it is the same day as the dog's ?
good doggy good doggy#lousy loveable dog
int power plant  day)#oh it was awful they set me on a cold metal table and prodded me with humiliating probes and the  oh wait that was my physical
int police station  day)#the alien has a sweet heavenly voice  like urkel and he appears every friday night  like urkel
(patronizing) well your story is very compelling mr jackass i mean uh simpson so i will just type it up on my invisible typewriter#(hurt) you do not have to humiliate me
(waving) yo#no i am sorry
now we are going to run a few tests this is a simple liedetector i will ask you a few yesorno questions and you just answer truthfully do you understand ?#yes
int lab  later)#ow
all right homer we want you to recreate your every move the night you saw this alien#well the evening began at the gentleman's club where we were discussing wittgenstein over a game of backgammon
mr simpson it is a felony to lie to the fbi#(ashamed) we were sitting in barney's car eating packets of mustard ya happy ?
(ashamed) we were sitting in barney's car eating packets of mustard ya happy ?#(to scully) you are one finelookin' woman lady if i wasn't married i'd go out with you like that
it is not a monster it is mr burns#(drunk remorseful) i am so sorry whatever you do do not tell marge god i love her i (looking down) hey a penny
int bar  continuous)#(drunk) so i says "blue m & m red m & m they all wind up the same color in the end"
ext field  day)#i was standing right here when the horrible creature emerged from the woods
int marge and homer's bedroom  night)#(sadly) oh marge i have never felt so alone no one believes me (beat) uh this is the part where you are supposed to say "i believe you homer"
i do not believe you homer#(happily) you do ? oh marge you have made me so happy
(murmurs) you are not listening you are only hearing what you want to hear#thanks i'd love an omelet right about now
homer please i try to be supportive but this has gone too far please just let it be#no i can not this is my cause i am like the man who singlehandedly built the rocket and went to the moon what was his name ? apollo creed ?
please let's just go to sleep#no i refuse to share a bed with someone who thinks i am crazy (seductive) unless you are feeling amorous ? (purrs)
no i am not#well then good night
hey dad what is the word from planet crackpot ?#oh i suppose you are going to mock me too
well actually dad i believe you#(moved) you do ?
yes i do you seem so damn sure#(moved) thank you son and do you think you could stop the casual swearing ?
hell yes#(moved) that is my boy well if you believe in me then i am not going to give up i will prove i am right this friday we are going back to the woods and we are going to find that alien
what if we do not ?#we will fake it and sell it to the fox network
(chuckles) they will buy anything#(soberly) now son they do a lot of quality programming too
(soberly) now son they do a lot of quality programming too#(huge raucous laughs)
(huge raucous laughs)#(laughing) i kill me
yo dad can i have a sip of your beer ?#now son you do not want to drink beer that is for daddies and kids with fake ids besides it is such a beautiful night how about a ghost story ?
(scary) and that is how much college will cost for maggie#no no nooooo
you know dad it does not matter that we did not see the alien i have really had a great time out here#(warmly) yeah me too
(warmly) yeah me too#(gasp) it is him
i bring you peace#(dignified) as a representative of planet earth let me be the first to say
(dignified) as a representative of planet earth let me be the first to say#(in pain) bwah bwah bwaaaaah
(in pain) bwah bwah bwaaaaah#(annoyed grunt) it is gone and we still do not have any proof
oh yes we do i got it all on tape#good work son we did it we did it
int simpson living room  continuous)#marge kids they are about to show my videotape
i think there must be a more logical explanation and i think the people of this town are not gonna be won over by three seconds of videotape#uh i am happy to answer any questions you have about the alien any questions at all doctor hibbert ?
yes is the alien carbonbased or siliconbased ?#uh the second one zilliphone next question
is the alien santa claus ?#uh yes
uh were you on my roof last night stealing my weathervane ?#this interview is over
(dramatically) surprise me#take a look at this lisa (rubbing it in) you do not see any "homer is a dope" tshirts do you ?
we sold those out in five minutes#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(hurt) marge how could you ?
these shirts are a hundred per cent cotton and look at the fine stitching on "dope"#(to vendor) i will take two
(to vendor) i will take two#(pointing) look there it is
(to homer) well you said you would bring them peace and love and it looks like you did it i am proud of you homie (kisses him)#thanks marge
(sigh) and then they gave me back my 500 dollar investment and kicked me out of the club#wait wait wait wait wait  back up a bit now when are the pancakes coming in the mail ?
well maybe it is all for the best#what do you need to make money for anyway ? as long as i have my earning power this family's got nothing to worry about
what do you need to make money for anyway ? as long as i have my earning power this family's got nothing to worry about#ow (then to marge) oh call work and tell 'em i will not be in tomorrow
well that is the miracle of the franchise you get all the equipment and knowhow you need plus a familiar brand name people trust you will be on a rocket ride to the moon and while you are there would you pick up some of that nice green moon money for me royce mccutcheon#no deal mccutcheon that moon money is mine
(clipped) marge#(dimly) oh yeah
did you know that disco record sales were up 400% for the year ending 1976 ? if these trends continue (a la fonzie) aaaayyyyyy#uh your fish are dead
do not forget fat people they can not stop eating#(noticing) hey pretzels
ext power plant  a little later)#(stagey) hey what is all that commotion outside ? why it is one of those pretzel wagons the movie stars are always talking about
(gasp) here ? our plant ?#(stagey) that is right lenny let's all give in to deliciousness the pretzel wagon way
thank you#(whispering) that means thank you marge
oh cheer up mom you can not buy publicity like that thousands and thousands of people saw your pretzels injuring whitey ford#you could call 'em whitey whackers
int simpson car  a few moments later)#marge needs help and god knows i am not the man to provide it (determined angry) but i know who can
ext house  a little later)#(resentful) aw looks like mr pretzel man is doing pretty well for himself
(resentful) aw looks like mr pretzel man is doing pretty well for himself#(firmly) i am here to see mr ormand
of course right this way#(whispering) oh i guess i should speak to the executor of his estate
int 1st church of springfield  a little later)#you are my last hope i have never reached out to you before but my wife is in her hour of need your help could make all the difference in the world
(sleepy) hello ? (beat) uh no pretzel wagon's no longer  three hundred pretzels ? wait wait let me get this down (takes out a pad of paper taking dictation) mmm mmm meatpackers union hall batavia new york i will send them right out (hangs up) homer homie wake up wake up i am back in business#(sweetly) i had a feeling things would work out for you honey
here you go homer#thanks moe
hey wait a minute  this is real money#(proudly) yeah my wife is raking it in
(clears throat) greetings homer#(happy to see him) hey fat tony you still with the mafia ?
now the time has come for you to do us a favor#(shocked and hurt) you mean the mob only did me a favor to get something in return ? oh fat tony (indignant) i will say good day to you sir
homer did you tell the mafia they could eliminate my competitors with savage beatings and attempted murder ?#(big swallow then) in those words ? yes
oh it just sickens me how could you do this to someone you love ?#(heartfelt) how could i not ? i saw you pouring your heart and soul into this business and getting nowhere i saw you desperately trying to cram one more salty treat into america's already bloated snackhole so i did what i could i did what any loving husband would do i reached out to some violent mobsters
oh homer i know you were trying to shield me from failure but this is my business and the mafia's not getting one cent of my money#so what are we gonna do ?
(stifled yelp)#(relieved) oh thank god it is only grampa
(relieved) oh thank god it is only grampa#(annoyed) now what ?
"where is the money ?" "when are you going to get the money ?" "why are not you getting the money now ?" and so on so please the money#you heard her she said "no"
homie maybe we should go inside#(pleading) but marge that little guy has not done anything yet
(pleading) but marge that little guy has not done anything yet#look at him he is gonna do something and you know it is gonna be good
(tremendous karate yell)#(disappointed moan)
(disappointed moan)#(sad) you must hate me marge every time i try to help i just fail miserably
alright popcorn's ready#hey that is the fire alarm
damnation what kind of slowcoaches do i have working for me ? (brightening) ah here comes one of our fellows now#(panting but happy) i think i won mr burns
(ominously) yes you won all right you won more than you bargained for#woo hoo
no you take that back#hit 'em carl you too lenny
int simpson house  dining room  that night)#so burns is going to make us all go on a stupid corporate retreat up in the mountains to learn about teamwork which means we will have to cancel our plans to hang around here
teamwork is overrated#huh ?
sharing is a bunch of bull too and helping others and what is all this crap i have been hearing about tolerance ?#hmmm your ideas are intriguing to me and i wish to subscribe to your newsletter but i think we have to go on the retreat anyway
ext mountain  a little later)#(cheerful) well here we are
all right let me start off by telling you this will not be a walk in the park this will be the most arduous and backbreaking weekend of your life i cannot overemphasize the dangers which did you bring your family simpson ?#uh yes sir i thought i was supposed to
each twoman team will work its way through the wilderness to a cabin hidden somewhere on this mountain the routes are treacherous so use your maps#(raises hand) uh i lost my map
now as an added incentive the second to last team to arrive at the cabin will receive an hilarious "world's worst employee" trophy#hey this sounds like fun
and the last team to arrive will be fired#(chuckles then) uhoh
i have placed all your names in this hat#(impressed) oooh
simpson and (surprised) burns ?#(disappointed moan)
(disappointed moan)#(pleased noise)
tell me simpson if an opportunity arose for taking a small shortcut you would not be averse to taking it would you ?#(carefully) uh not as such
neither would i i have always felt that there is far too much hysteria these days about socalled "cheating"#(still careful) yes lotta hysteria
mmmhmm if you can take advantage of a situation in some way it is your duty as an american to do it why should the race always be to the swift or the jumble to the quickwitted ? should they be allowed to win merely because of the gifts god gave them ? well i say cheating is the gift man gives himself#(powerfully) mr burns i insist that we cheat
horseless sleigh#(impressed) wow you sure know how to cheat mr burns
(modestly) yes well i am older than you you know simpson you are not as objectionable as you seemed when we first met#no sir i am not
ext mountain top  cabin  a little later)#that worked sooo well
(throws switch) now we have electricity (turns lever) this propane tank will supply us with heat and this doorknob properly turned will allow us access to the cabin#(impressed) no going through the window for us
well i do not suppose the others will mind us starting the party early homie old boy more champagne ?#(chuckles) you know mr burns you are the richest guy i know way richer than lenny
(wistfully) oh yes but i'd trade it all for a little more#oh these sure are comfortable chairs
oh yes sitting the great leveler from the mightiest pharaoh to the lowliest peasant who does not enjoy a good sit ?#oh man you are so right did you ever sit like this ?
(relaxed sound) the only hard part is getting up#(little chuckle) why get up ? here's a little move i have been tinkering with say i want that bowl of dip
(infomercial stooge voice) why you would have to get up#oh ?
sir i am in your debt#use it wisely my friend
hope that wasn't an avalanche be a chum and have a looksee#you got it buddy
(getting anxious) is not there any way out of here ?#um i do not see one unless
um i do not see one unless#no there is no way out
simpson i have a confession i am not quite the tunnel digger i made myself out to be#you can supervise me
ext tunnel  continuous)#we sure did
int cabin  continuous)#(weak annoyed grunt)
what happened ? (avalanche)#i think when we yelled we caused another avalanche (avalanche)
(quietly and carefully) we should be careful not to speak unless it is absolutely positively necessary (big avalanche)#shhh (small avalanche) (quietly) you are causing more avalanches (small avalanche)
shhh (small avalanche) (quietly) you are causing more avalanches (small avalanche)#i (avalanche) think (avalanche) they have (avalanche) stopped (long beat then avalanche)
(annoyed grunt) those last three avalanches were your fault simpson#(tough) so what ?
we must be covered by a thousand feet of snow#it could be days before they find us
ech i heard that one 75 years ago#(beat) we could build snowmen
no i have a better idea we could build real men out of snow#(humoring burns) oh okay
int buried cabin  an hour later)#(gasps then scared) stay back (thinking) i have powers (trying to be intimidating) uh political powers
i i think we should dress the snowmen#(quickly) agreed
snowmen) look at them smug and secure in their finery mocking us#uh they are just snowmen mr burns
ah snowmen have peepers peepers to watch to watch for our moment of weakness and then baff comes the knock on the head and we are down#(getting panicked) what do we do ?
i will kill you you bloated museum of treachery#you and what army ?
(panicked) homer#(panicked) burnsie
ext mountain  continuous)#(scream of terror)
(panicked) we will be dashed to pieces#(praying worried) oh lord protect this rocket house and all who dwell within the rocket house
oh something's wrong with its brakes gangway#(calmly greeting) marge kids
(jovial) well simpson i must say once you have been through something like that with a person you never want to see that person again#(good naturedly) you said it ya weirdo
(good naturedly) you said it ya weirdo#(share a laugh that stops abruptly)
(share a laugh that stops abruptly)#(more laughter)
no#marge get me a beer
(chagrinned) it is my hair (gasps) excuse me#your mother seems really upset about something i better go have a talk with her during the commercial
ext house  night  establishing)#(seductive) oh marge i just had a couple of beers
(seductive) oh marge i just had a couple of beers#(gasp) eww
int simpson house  marge and homer's bedroom  night)#(seductive) marge i was just watching women's volleyball on espn
(amorous noise)#come on there is no need for that babamabushka
all right but do not be shocked#(sweetly) oh there is no way i could  (shrieks)
(sadly) homie i am losing my hair#now sweetie do not worry about a thing i will teach you to comb it over so no one can tell just like my hair
i was just with dr hibbert he said i was under a lot of stress and should get some help#marge whatever it takes to make you well we will do it
a nanny ?#but how am i supposed to pay for that ?
and i will take up smoking and give that up#good for you son giving up smoking is one of the hardest things you will ever have to do have a dollar
but he did not do anything#(sagely) did not he lisa ? did not he ? (thinks) hey wait a minute he did not
homie please i never ask for much but this is something i really need#all right marge i will get you your nanny and to pay for it i will give up the civil war recreation society i love so much
pleased to meet you#wait a minute marge i saw mrs doubtfire this is a man in drag
wait a minute marge i saw mrs doubtfire this is a man in drag#you are phony fakey phony broad
(gasps and squeals)#gimme those
homer if you are going to do this to every applicant we are never going to find one#sorry
(british accent) hello i am mrs periwinkle#(murderous growl)
i am here about the nanny job i will keep a watchful eye on your kids and if they get out of linepow (smacks his fist)#i like him
thanks hey where do you keep the liquor ?#i hide a bottle of schnapps in the baby's crib
that is carl#you have my undivided attention
(singing) teach us songs and magic tricks#(singing) might i add  no fat chicks
(singing) the nanny we want is kindly and sage#(sweetly) and one who will work for minimum wage
(sweetly) hello i am shary bobbins#did you say mary pop
int simpson house  living room  day)#now ms bobbins if you want this job you are going to have to answer a few questions first do you have any bad habits ?
no i am practically perfect in every way#(haughty) well so am i
(haughty) well so am i#(long belch sigh then primly) okay question two  who was your last employer ?
lord and lady huffington of sussex#(loud whisper) marge do we know them ?
no#come on  is not he the guy i bowl with ? the black guy ?
come on  is not he the guy i bowl with ? the black guy ?#oh yeah (to shary) so you worked for carl eh ?
i make you read every article in that magazine including norman mailer's latest claptrap about his waning libido#(impressed) ooh she is tough
my she seems too good to be true#(examining banister) i will say her butt waxed the banister
that shary bobbins is a miracle worker the kids love her the house is spotless  and my hair's grown back it is so full and thick it can support a beach umbrella#(suddenly amorous) come to bed marge
(gasp) ooooh#(romantic) no no leave it in
(sings sleepily) can i be a boozehound ?#(gently singing) not till you are fifteen
oh thank you#ooh i can not get enough of this blood pudding
the secret ingredient is blood#(disgusted) blood uch i will just stick to the brain and kidney pie thank you
we will miss you shary bobbins#you have changed me as well i am no longer the moneydriven workaholic i once was
(being strangled noises)#(strangling noises) you little
welcome back to "before they were famous" we all know rainier wolfcastle as the star of the blockbuster "mcbain" movies but here's his first appearance  in a commercial in his native austria#shary bobbins i want another beer
well you know homer  (sings) if there is a job that must be done / you will find it is much more fun#(cutting her off) you will find it is even more fun if you get it for me
(singing) searching for my lost shaker of salt (spoken) oh here it is#oh that poor woman
but have not i taught you people anything ?#nope
so you like it this way ?#indubitably
indubitably#(sings) around the house i never lift a finger / as a husband and father i am subpar / i'd rather drink a beer than win father of the year / i am happy with things the way they are
(singing) they are not perfect but the lord says love thy neighbor #(sings) shut up flanders
do you think we will ever see her again ?#(warmly) i am sure we will honey
(warmly) i am sure we will honey#i am sure we will
'morning roy#yeah hi roy (then) hey they are having open casting for the voice of poochie
you should try out dad you have a funny voice#i do not
have not you ever listened to yourself on a tape recorder ?#i prefer to listen to cheap trick
well here say something#(slick dj voice) hey this is homer simpson sayin' "howdy" to all the girls out there in radioland
(slick dj voice) hey this is homer simpson sayin' "howdy" to all the girls out there in radioland#hey this is homer simpson sayin' (small scream) i do not sound like that do i ? (depressed) oh i do not like having such a hilarious voice
(dejected sound as he leaves)#(clears throat) "ruff ruff i am poochie the rockin' dog"
now that is just bad you got no attitude you are barely outrageous and i do not know what you are in but it is not my face next#(mocking) oh "no attitude" eh ? not "inyourface" huh ? well you can cram it with walnuts ugly
(excited) that is it that is the poochie attitude do that again#(confused) huh ? i can not i do not remember what i did
then you do not get the job next#(mocking) oh i do not get the job do i ? (sarcastic) well boohoo i do not get to be a cartoon dog
that is it you have got the job#(mocking) oh now i got the job huh ? (then sincere) oh thank you
okay homer let's get a level check on your voice#(not getting it right) she smells sheet smells by the sheet store (nervous) wait wait lemme try it again
relax homer you will do fine (extending her hand) i am june bellamy i do the voices of itchy and scratchy#(confused) you ? but you are a lady
(itchy voice) she is a lady all right (scratchy voice) a beauuutiful lady#(excited laugh) hey it really is you how'd you get to be so good ?
oh just experience i suppose i started out as road runner  "meep"#you mean "meep meep" ?
you folks ready to begin ?#uh i guess is this episode going on the air live ?
int flanders house  living room  the same time)#i will field this one (to nerd #1) let me ask you a question why would a man whose shirt says "genius at work" spend all of his time watching a children's cartoon show ?
uh excuse me mr simpson on the itchy and scratchy cdrom is there a way to get out of the dungeon without using the wizard key ?#what the hell are you talking about ?
can somebody tell me what the hell is goin' on ? midge help me out here#quiet you are missing the jokes
eh that stunk#(proudly) well ? what did everybody think ?
yeah you should be very proud homer you uh you got a beautiful home here#(worried) so it was pretty okay huh ?
(immediately) yes we can#well at least i liked it (doubting) did not i ?
well at least i liked it (doubting) did not i ?#(sad annoyed grunt)
(sad annoyed grunt)#(sadly) i am the worst poochie ever
ext hallway  continuous)#(suspicious noise)
int simpson house  dining room  evening)#(angrily) then they said they were gonna kill poochie off
int moe's pet shop  later that night)#you are right marge it is not my fault i am not gonna let 'em treat poochie like dirt anymore just 'cause he is the new guy
right on mr s#put a sock in it roy
(itchy voice) are you prepared to die poochie ?#(poochie voice) no i am not
oh cut cut cut cut just stick to the script as written homer you are supposed to say "please cut off my head i do not deserve to live"#never
never#you can not just kill off a classic tv character poochie could be bigger than curly fries but first he has to win back the audience that is why i am gonna read these lines i wrote myself with my own two hands
(itchy voice) hi poochie you look like you have got something to say do you ?#(poochie voice) yes i certainly do (clears throat wrinkles paper loudly into microphone) hello there itchy i know there is a lot of people who do not like me and wish i would go away but i think we got off on the wrong foot i know i can come off a little proactive and for that i am sorry but if everyone could find a place in their hearts for the little dog nobody wanted i know we can make 'em laugh  and cry  until we grow old together
int simpson house  tv room  several days later)#now kids  i know you loved the old poochiebut the new one's going to be better than ten superbowls (adding quickly) i do not want to oversell it judge for yourselves
(confused noise) i guess#hey that wasn't supposed to happen those finks doublecrossed me
(cool roy noise)#(sigh) well i guess i learned my lesson the thing is i lost creative control of the project and i forgot to ask for any money well live and learn
no refunds force majeure read the back of your ticket#(whiny moan) nine hundred dollars ? well we will have to dip into the retirement fund again
(whiny moan) nine hundred dollars ? well we will have to dip into the retirement fund again#(horrific strained grunts)
(horrific strained grunts)#aw nuts (calling down hole) hello ? china ? little help ?
i am sure she'd be proud that her descendants had piping hot tap water and plenty of warm dry underwear#that is so true
hey lis check it out pogo stilts these were banned in all 50 states#(scream of pain) (then sad and baffled) what happened ?
tv guide) oh you should see the crossword puzzle she thought that "mindy" lived with "mark"#(very protective) give her a break her husband was killed
(gay now) we work hard we play hard#okay so maybe that thing's a hunk of junk but look at what you are selling
okay so maybe that thing's a hunk of junk but look at what you are selling#fifty bucks for a toy ? no kid is worth that
oh but this is the rex mars atomic discombobulator do not you just love the graphics on this box ?#no (confused beat) how can you love a box or a toy or graphics ? you are a grown man
it is camp (off homer's blank look) the tragically ludicrous ? the ludicrously tragic ?#(not getting it) oh yeah like when a clown dies
well sort of but i mean more like inflatable furniture or "last supper" tv trays or even this bowling shirt can you believe someone gave this to goodwill ?#and that kind of stuff is worth money ?
boy howdy#man you should come over to our place it is full of valuable worthless crap
well if you are inviting me over #i practically insist shall we say 5 o'clock ? the snacking hour ?
(to homer) oh man you weren't kiddin' about this place well i just love it#do i know you ?
(playful) oh#ow why you little
(choking sounds) dad dad (indicates john) company company#oh (then polite) i will just be another minute john have a seat
(fighting/choking sounds)#so do those records have "camp value ?"
oof homer you are the living end#that john is the greatest guy in the world we have gotta have him and his wife over for drinks sometime
mmm i do not think he is married homer#oh a swinging bachelor eh ? (slyly) well there is lots of foxy ladies out there
homer did not john seem a little festive to you ?#could not agree more happy as a clam
he prefers the company of men#who does not ?
(enunciating) john is a homo#(still not getting it) right
 sexual#(realizing horrified scream)
(realizing horrified scream)#(whimpering) ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod ohmygod i danced with a gay marge lisa promise me you will not tell anyone (grabs lisa) promise me
you are being ridiculous#am i marge ? am i ? think of the property values now we can never say only straight people have been in this house
i am very sorry you feel that way because john invited us all out for a drive today and we are going#whoa not me and not because john's gay but because he is a sneak he should at least have the good taste to mince around and let everyone know that he is that way
what on earth are you talking about ?#you know me marge i like my beer cold my tv loud and my homosexuals flaming
(gay) zzzzapp (blows smoke from barrel)#(gasp of terror)
homer at least come out and say hello#no no no no no
come on you liked john this morning#(hissyfit) no no i am not setting foot outside this house until that man is gone
int simpson house  living room  late afternoon)#how'd it go ? tell me everything that happened he did not give you gay did he ? did he ?
oh geez louise you do not even know what you are worried about anymore john's a witty urbane person#(hurt) oh and i am not
hey dad look what i got (aiming at homer) zzzapp zzzapp zzzapp zzzapp#bart where'd you get that shirt ?
i'unno came outta the closet#uhh huh
storebought snack cakes both kinds#(stifles a horrified gasp)
homie i can hear you chewing on your pillow what is wrong ?#(spitting out pillow sound)
(spitting out pillow sound)#(troubled) marge the boy was wearing a hawaiian shirt
(troubled) marge the boy was wearing a hawaiian shirt#there is only two kinds of guys who wear those shirts  gay guys and big fat partyanimals (sadly) and bart does not look like a big fat partyanimal to me
(snide) so if you wore a hawaiian shirt it would not be gay ?#right thank you (beat) i hope you realize this is all your fault i mean do you have to be so effeminate around the boy ?
homer i do not think there is a problem with bart but if there is it is probably because you are not spending any time with him goodnight#(hums then) all right boy come on today we are gonna (sees bart) (shrieks)
(delighted) i do not but i loved hearing it#you i should have known
(cheerful) homer john brought us cactus candy (offers it)#look john you seem like a perfectly nice guy and all just stay the hell away from my family
(calm) well now you do not get any candy (beat) no that is cruel take a teensy piece#no
homer what have you got against gays ?#you know it is it is not usual if there was a law it would be against it
oh homer please you are embarrassing yourself#no i am not marge (re john) they are embarrassing me they are embarrassing america they turned the navy into a floating joke they ruined all our best names like bruce and lance and julian those were the toughest names we had now they are just (groping)
queer ?#yeah and that is another thing i resent "you people" using that word that is our word for making fun of you we need it (beat) well i am taking back our word and i am taking back my son
yeah and that is another thing i resent "you people" using that word that is our word for making fun of you we need it (beat) well i am taking back our word and i am taking back my son#homer storms out
int car  later that morning)#do not worry boy we are gonna set you straight by tomorrow morning you will be a regular burt reynolds
what are you talking about homer ? where are we going ?#just a couple of good ol'fashion manly places father and son
just a couple of good ol'fashion manly places father and son#just remember son whatever happens i will always love you
just remember son whatever happens i will always love you# as a father a father a regular father (beat) whooh
what am i supposed to do here ?#nothing just sit i will be back
nothing just sit i will be back#well it is been two hours how do you feel ?
i'unno i kinda want a cigarette#that is a good start let's get you a pack what is your brand ?
(chipper) anything slim#(frustrated moan then) okay that did not work (determined) but i know something that will
int ajax steel mill  foreman's shed  continuous)#bart i want you to shake hands with  what is your name fella ?
roscoe#roscoe here runs this mill he is gonna show us around and let you get a firsthand look at real allamerican joes doin' what they do best
why the hell would i want to see that ?#you will thank me on your wedding night
(gay) hello#(gasp) has the whole world gone insane ?
hot stuff comin' through#(screams)
dad why did you bring me to a gay steel mill ?#(near hysterics) i do not know this is a nightmare (to workers) you are all sick
oh be nice#(sotto whine) ohh my son does not stand a chance the whole world's gone gay
(sotto whine) ohh my son does not stand a chance the whole world's gone gay#oh my god what is happening now ?
oh my god what is happening now ?#(moan of despair)
(moan of despair)#and the entire steel mill was gay
oh it ain't no mystery  whole modern world got a swishifyin' effect on kids today and their mtv's and their diet sodas ain't gonna set 'em straight neither you gotta do it yourself homer and you gotta do it fast#but what would turn bart into a man fast ? you have to think for me
hey he is right homer after the boy bags a deer all the diet sodas in the world will not turn him back then you just sit back and watch the grandkids roll in#(considers it) hunting eh ?
int mall  continuous)#(growl)
int cockamamie's  continuous)#stand aside marge i am taking the boy deer hunting he is going to grow up straight for once
what ? you never went hunting before and you are perfectly straight#oh yeah ? how long since you have had a baby ?
but dad it is barbaric how does killing a deer make you more of a man ?#it just does name me one gay indian
(playful) uhoh something's gonna die#butt out buttinsky what would you know about hunting ?
i would not wear that hideous hat here take this one  it was worn by yale summers in "daktari"#hang onto it toyboy you might need it when it starts raining naked ladies
(sotto to barney) oh yeah let a twinkletoes drive betsy right#(chuckles) no boy you can not drive you are only 10 you are going hunting
nope something about a bunch of guys alone together in the woods seems kinda gay#that is a very immature attitude young man
hey those ain't your rats barn (beat) well homer you ready to call it quits ?#well but wait a minute bart's not fixed yet he has not even 
homer#(quiet whiny moan)
c'mon do not take it so hard homer you still got that other kid uh lisa let's take her out huntin' tomorrow make her into a man#(glum) oh she'd never go she is a vegetarian
(overwhelmed) aw geez homer geez (then concerned) you and marge ain't cousins are ya ?#no this whole thing is my fault i have been a lousy dad
ext santa's village  reindeer pen  simultaneous)#(sets bart down) hey boy wake up your old man found some deer
(sleepily) huh ? you did ? (notices) wait man those are reindeer#yep and it is your shot son
what ? i am not gonna shoot a reindeer in a pen#c'mon bart be a sport and kill blitzen okay ?
aw criminy here come the waterworks#(making his stand) bart i am gonna turn my back  and when i turn around i wanna see a whole pile of dead reindeer
(making his stand) bart i am gonna turn my back  and when i turn around i wanna see a whole pile of dead reindeer#attaway son you made your old man proud
dad i am scared#me too son
no do not you have to protect yourself#son there comes a time in every father's life when he must  gaahhh
son there comes a time in every father's life when he must  gaahhh#unnghh
dad are you hurt ?#(pained) just my bones and organs
(pained) just my bones and organs#(assortment of very pained noises)
(grating) ho ho ho (beat) ho ho ho#what the   ?
what the   ?#bart look it is santa claus
whoa it is santa all right and he is kickin' ass#it is a miracle
no ultrasuede is a miracle this is just good timing#(pained noises)
oh homie i am so glad you are safe (puzzled) hmmm you feel softer than before#(weakly) i have been tenderized
(faint shouting) stop you idiots#hey we owe this guy and i do not want you calling him a sissy this guy's a fruit and a  (catches self) no wait wait wait  "queer" queer queer that is what you like to be called right ?
great well homer i won your respect and all i had to do was save your life now if every gay man could just do the same you would be set#amen to that
ext road to springfield  john's convertible  starlit night)#(turning to bart) y'know bart maybe it is just the concussion talking but any way you choose to live your life is okay with me
(points and screams)#(calling after him) he said "tried"
(heavy sigh)#(relieved sigh)
homer#(getting up gripey) oh all those stairs
oh you have nothing to worry about honey#your mother's right bart (downplaying) sure you are the one who ruined all of sideshow bob's criminal schemes 
we are very proud of you by the way#and sure he is probably so insane with rage that he'd butcher you horribly if he could 
("you are not helping") but he is safely locked away#(firmly) in a mediumsecurity prison
for life#unless he gets out somehow
which is impossible#or so you would think except he is done it so many times before
you can not ask god to kill someone#yeah you do your own dirty work
madam your children are no more than a pair of illbred troublemakers#lisa too ?
especially lisa but especially bart (suppressing rage) if he crosses me one more time just once more well i can not be held responsible for my actions#well i hope bob fed you 'cause i ate your dinners
ext simpson house  a moment later)#marge i am going to look for the kids
marge i am going to look for the kids#(short scream)
oh that sounds fabulous homer (knowing) stores throw the best parties#you like parties huh ? well i just remembered they are having a big one down at the waterfront this weekend
you did not remember that you just saw it on tv#the important thing is i did not imagine it
homer i have got a fozzie of a bear of a problem y'know maude and her mother were visiting tyre and sidon the twin cities of the holy land they must've kneeled in the wrong place and prayed to the wrong god because well they are being held prisoner by militants of some sort#(casually) militants huh ? well if i were you i'd kick their asses
well any hoodilydoodle the embassy says it is just a routine hostagetaking  but i have to drive to capital city fill out some forms to get 'em out could you possibly watch the kids tonight ?#uh gee i'd really love to want to help you flanders but (lazily) uh marge was taken prisoner in the holy land and uh
please please please#i will have to ask her
hey dad how come you are wearing a tuxedo ?#going to that fancy waterfront party tomorrow
why you wearing it now ?#oh it is like a rentacar son you get all the mileage you can then ball it up and cram it through the mail slot
and dad you look totally classy you could be abe lincoln's father's boss#(examining tux) can you see the pie stains ?
dad help me out#take it like a man boy and do everything your little sister says
ext simpson car  night  the same time)#aw i love this pedestrian mall there is practically no traffic
uh i do not think we should be driving here the mayor's yelling at us#all right all right geez (stops car) okay honey remember where we are parked
oh it is so beautiful this is what i imagine paris must be like#you have never been ?
i am so honored that springfield has been chosen to host all these upscale chain stores i guess this makes us "yuppies" huh homie ?#nah i am really more of a slacker
oooh malaria zone (nods knowingly) that is where all the explorers shop#(awed gasp) look marge a restaurant owned by celebrities i always wanted to be a celebrity
is not that clever ? it looks like a cadillac drove right into the building#wow even moe's moved to fancy new digs
ext south st squidport  the same time)#you know honey when i think of all the good times we have had together aaagh
you know honey when i think of all the good times we have had together aaagh#(panicky) did you see that marge ?
oh my god you walked into the fountain get out of the fountain#(yelps and small screams)
just stand still and i will get someone#(scared sounds)
(chuckles and titters)#do not laugh at me i was once like you
ext south street squidport  the same time)#what is the matter marge ? i thought you loved jello shooters
oh i do i am just a little concerned about the kids maybe i should call#oh come on marge relax lisa's in charge she is the responsible one
(hysterical) and she is on drugs#(firmly) give me the drugs lisa
ext moe's tavern  that morning)#(whiny moan) it is been st patrick's day for hours and i am still not drunk yet (looks at watch) oh it is never gonna be nine o'clock
(whiny moan) it is been st patrick's day for hours and i am still not drunk yet (looks at watch) oh it is never gonna be nine o'clock#oh moe thank god you are here we'd like to come in and drink please
int moe's tavern  the same time)#look at me i am the prime minister of ireland
i am going down to moe's for a coupla beers#(eagerly) i will come with you
no no more drinking i am tired of looking like the world's worst mother#(comforting) oh honey you are not the world's worst mother what about that freezer lady in georgia ?
but what is the solution ? (wryly) are we so bereft of ideas that we must revive the antiquated notion of prohibition ? (serious) channel six says yes#prohibition (derisive snort) they tried that in the movies and it did not work (confident) i predict this is the last we will be hearing about prohibition
the speakeasy#glad you are finally back in business moe
int simpson house  kitchen  evening)#at first i thought prohibition was a good thing people were drinking more and having a lot more fun but without beer prohibition does not work
hey hi can i arrest any of you people for anything ?#no
aw geez i do not have anything to do anymore with banner around alcohol and crime are history in this town and so am i#now do not say that alcohol is a way of life alcohol is my way of life and i aim to keep it
sounds like you have a plan#(cagey) maybe i do chief maybe i do
(cagey) maybe i do chief maybe i do#(whiny) c'mon boy think of a plan
(barney belch)#i have got it
i have got it#(calling) we are going out marge if we do not come back avenge our deaths
whoa bonanza let's load it up before the rats regroup#right now remember do not mention this to anyone not your mother not rex banner not anyone
int simpson car  minutes later)#(sneering) heh rex banner what a dope
(looking in rearview) yeah look at him trying to aim that stupid gun#(terrified scream)
(terrified scream)#hang on son
dad knocking over a gravestone is bad luck#really ? i heard good
what happened to you homer ? and what have you done to the car ?#(bad mood) nothin'
i do not think it had broken axles before#(waving his hands) before before you are living in the past marge quit living in the past
that is funny i used to be able to go down there#(to marge) going bowling not back  avenge deaths
why do you have so many bowling balls ?#oh i am not going to lie to you marge (cheery) so long
ext bowling alley  later that night  establishing)#(sly) yeah suck like a fox
(sly) yeah suck like a fox#(conspiratorial laugh and highfive)
int bowling alley  a minute later)#you see boy the real money's in bootlegging not in your childish vandalism
int simpson house  night)#wait a minute i forgot to make sure the coast was clear (beat) aw it is probably clear let's go
wait a minute i forgot to make sure the coast was clear (beat) aw it is probably clear let's go#(scream)
beer#i can explain marge please let me explain (wailing) oh why will not you let me explain
(realizing) you are the one the papers have been talking about that mysterious "beer baron" who is been supplying springfield with alcohol how have you been getting away with this ?#well  and i can explain remember  i fill the balls with beer that i found at the dump then i bowl them and some underground pipes take them into moe's
homer that is very clever#huh ?
well it is i have known your father since high school and this is the cleverest thing he is ever done besides he is only breaking a silly twohundredyearold law#(nodding in agreement) it is silly marge and look at all the money i am making
you are out there somewhere beer baron and i will find you#(very far away) no you will not
(to himself) (low vow) yes i will#(very very far away) will not
"look at me rex banner i have a new hat"#hey boy get crackin' moe upped his order to twenty balls a night
uh dad#call me beer baron
all the beer from the landfill is gone beer baron we are out of business#but i can not be out of beer i am the beer baron
homer my customers are soberin' up and they ain't gonna stay for the ambiance (ammbeance) you gotta get me more beer#sorry i am all out (looking at workbench) wha how about some turpentine ? or caulk ? (selling it) delicious caulk
look find it buy it make it i do not care just get me some booze and fast#(thoughtfully) "make it" eh ?
int superstore  continuous)#fortytwo bathtubs please
you know they are fifty for $3000 today#(firmly) i said fortytwo
now you are making your own alcohol ? that is even more illegal than what you were doing before#(chuckle) remember honey we are disobeying an unjust law here we are patriots like all those people in jail
tubby ? oh yes tubby#hey banner how is it hangin' ?
one of the stills #uh nothing marge i think it must have been that bean i had for dinner
uh nothing marge i think it must have been that bean i had for dinner#kaboom blam oh excuse me again dear
homer there is no point in pretending you are making those noises your homemade liquor is exploding again#(innocent) what dear ?
(innocent) what dear ?#kablammo
you have made some money and had the fun of being a wanted criminal why not quit now while you are ahead ?#(stubbornly) boom
(stubbornly) boom#(calmly) i will be right back
(calmly) i will be right back#(scream) it is hot (more screams)
(scream) it is hot (more screams)#i thought about what you said honey and i have decided to quit
ext street  evening)#oh well fun's over but i still have my wonderful money
stick 'em up#(unfazed) geez what happened to you wiggum ? you look terrible
yeah never mind how i look you gonna give me the money or not ?#well i do not think so you do not even have a trigger on that thing
yeah i had to sell the trigger and most of the handle to feed my family c'mon give me the dough (threateningly) i can throw this pretty hard#(compassionate) poor wiggum
(selfpity) poor wiggum#i will bet you really hate rex banner huh ?
(casual) um who ?#the guy who took your job
oh yeah more than anything in the world#(getting an idea) hey how would you like to show him up by beating him at his own game ?
then the liquorfilled bowling balls travelled through a network of underground pipes finally emerging at a nearby speakeasy#(tough) you forgot one thing wiggum
yeah ? what is that ?#i filled the balls with a funnel
that was a very sweet thing you did for poor wiggum but what is going to happen to you ?#aw probably just a slap on the wrist
and he who shall violate this law shall be punished by catapult#last time i help you
on behalf of the city i'd like to apologize and ask how long it will take for you to flood this town with booze again#well sorry i am not in that business anymore
and so one town's brief flirtation with prohibition ended in a joyous remarriage to lady liquor congratulations springfield we wish you the very best#to alcohol the cause of and solution to all of life's problems
ext simpson house  back yard  saturday afternoon)#alright men get ready to blast off
alright men get ready to blast off#(having a good time) wooo we are in orbit now what is that ? a call from the president ? hello ? (bad nixon imitation) uh yes "let me just say this about that" okay mr president
three and a half we get beat up but we get an explanation#mayday mayday
(gasp) oh my goodness#wait a minute bart's teacher's name is "krabappel ?" i have been calling her "crandall" why did not someone tell me ? oh i have been making an idiot out of myself
homer bart's up there#(angrily) give me that (into megaphone) bart this is your father do you know where the remote is ? i looked all over the house
(into megaphone) did you check your pocket ?#(through megaphone) it was in (off megaphone) it was in my pocket
(mutters and scattered giggles)#hey does this mean that mrs krabappel is a virgin too ?
int simpson house  foyer  morning)#(everyday) marge mail's here
(using wheel) ich esse er isst wir essen#(urgent) when ? when ? ich bin hungrig
homer this is yours#yes my precious "cartoons" (reading cartoon chuckling) "who pumped ethyl ?"
(signing) my name is santa's little helper#marge mail's here
and for homer #wow a golf shirt with my corporate logo on it
wow a golf shirt with my corporate logo on it#(smells it pleased) oh it smells like salmon too thanks boy
and so handsome bart i just love him#hi marge hi santa's little helper hi kid  hey that is not santa's little helper
uh to the best of my recollection yes#wow i gotta start going to church
what've you got for me boy ? (taking brochure) hey this says we should feed him lots of eggs and olive oil to ensure a glossy coat#(knowing) oh yeah a dog like this you have to feed every day
(reading) "some call it the dog that never sleeps though it actually does  while jogging"#geez that dog has more education than i do he is some kinda super dog (looks around) hey where'd he go ?
oh it is against the house rule (enamored) oh i guess just this once#oh i do not know about this dog he is kinda snooty
homer are you wearing a tie to impress laddie ?#(eager) do you think he noticed ?
where is santa's little helper ?#(does not remember) who ?
well we wrecked the first dog we have got to treat this one right bart why do not you take laddie for another walk#no bart had his turn let me (into dog's eyes) i can not resist his charms
ow#crowds give him gas
hey that is one finelooking animal you have got there#(shaking his hand) wow tv's kent brockman
ha ha hey this fellow's not available to stud is he ?#you want some puppies eh mr brockman ?
card) we gotta find out where he is keeping these#i'd take him but those cards are nontransferable
oh maggie you got oatmeal all over homer would you clean her off ?#can do
can do#(calling out) laddie (whistles) (the cutesy way people talk to dogs) c'mere boy who want to lick a messy baby ?
(calling out) laddie (whistles) (the cutesy way people talk to dogs) c'mere boy who want to lick a messy baby ?#laddie ?
no he just wasn't the right dog for me i am sure he will be happy as a police dog#(darkly) he better know how to keep his mouth shut
(fumfering) we can not he is not in a kennel i gave him away too and i do not know where he is#(blowing up) you gave both dogs away ? you know how i feel about giving
(breaking down) i am sorry i know it is wrong i messed everything up and now i do not have any dogs at all#(softening sweetly) there there shut up boy we will just get you a new dog
i do not want a new dog i want santa's little helper#well crying is not going to bring him back unless your tears smell like dog food so you can either sit there crying and eating can after can of dog food until your tears smell enough like dog food to make your dog come back or you can go out there and find your dog
i love this song#rats i almost had him eating dog food
(calling out) i am going to get the dog back#the bad dog or the good dog ?
the bad dog#oh good
mom mom you are mixing polyethylene with polyurethane#(shocked) marge
i could still use more paper#(excited) hey i know where there is lots of paper
(excited) hey i know where there is lots of paper#(giggling)
dad you are not supposed to have fun recycling this is serious#oh okay
well let's get out the old stock ticker and have a look#can lenny have it ?
homer you did not tell me mr burns went broke and lost the nuclear power plant#now i can not remember every little thing that happens in my day
you found a candy bar ?#oh yes gather 'round my son and i shall tell you a tale
(worried) they are not going to close the plant are they ?#no the bank put lenny in charge
int smithers' apartment  continuous)#oh but daddy does not feel so good
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#here you go honey (a little tipsy) that is about all the recycling i can handle today
there is got to be more trash around here somewhere#hey why do not you try the old folks home ? they practically live in their own filth
thanks dad#you are welcome honey
sir we have never met before but my name is mr burns and i want your daughter to help make me rich again#you mean maggie ?
ah the baby who shot me no i was referring to your other daughter#(calling) lisa you have a guest
(calling) lisa you have a guest#so um how is life in the gutter ?
(admiring) "nothing evil" that is exactly the kind of radical thinking i need it is a deal#(pointing at burns and lisa) see that boy ? why are not you making any business deals ?
well lisa as my advisor you are entitled to ten percent#(a little weak) it is all right i understand but we really could have used that twelve thousand dollars
and from our "it is funny when it happens to them" file remember millionaire c montgomery burns ? the man who blocked out our sun ran over a local boy and stole christmas from 1981 to 1985 ? well guess who is flat broke and picking up trash for a living ?#please be flanders please be flanders please be flanders
wow he went from stinking rich to just plain stinking (laughs)#(laugh) good one mom / you are so bad honey
(laughs)#two in a row
lisa nobody likes a gloater right homie ?#(mouth full) uhhuh
(upset) oh i can not get the smell of slurry out of my clothes i was a fool to help that horrible old man#oh i hope you learned your lesson lisa never help anyone
simpson what are you doing here ? why are not you at work ?#i made a bad mistake and lenny sent me home to think about what i did but i do not remember what it was so i am watching tv
(snoring and sleepmurmuring then jolting awake sound) oh my goodness kids homer we are late for church i am glad i dressed last night#oh i'd love to go with you honey but i have got a lot of work to do around the bed
homer the lord only asks for an hour a week#(grumbling) in that case he should've made the week an hour longer lousy god
and the very same goes for ezekiel which brings us back to our starting point the nine tenets of constancy#(screaming in pain) dammit
hey calm down you are wrinkling your church clothes#who cares ? this is the best part of the week
(writing) "barney gumbel"#it should but it does not now who is going with daddy to the dump ?
the dump ?#yeah we are gonna get rid of the christmas tree it is starting to turn brown
yeah we are gonna get rid of the christmas tree it is starting to turn brown#wanna come with ?
(preoccupied) no no i do not feel like going to a trash pile today#(shrugs) it is your life
ext springfield dump  a little later)#(grunting noises) c'mon christmas tree
(dry cough)#okay who is up for some scrounging ?
okay who is up for some scrounging ?#hey here's a perfectly good basketball half
(startled yelp)#(pointing at lisa) (mocking laugh)
(pointing at lisa) (mocking laugh)#(screams) oh my god help me lisa
it looks japanese#(rattled) wh what is going on ? wh wha why am i on a japanese box ?
(rattled) wh what is going on ? wh wha why am i on a japanese box ?#(frightened whimper then) oh my god what is that ?
ext simpson house  evening  establishing)#why would you volunteer at the church ?
i do not know guilt ?#(snickers) volunteering is for suckers do you know that socalled "volunteers" do not even get paid ?
homer will you get that crazy box off the dinner table ? it came from the dump#but marge i am obsessed with it where did it come from ? what is it a box of ? how'd my face get on it ?
hai#akira can you read this for me ?
yes you have very lucky dishes mr simpson this soap is from the sacred forest of hokkaido renowned for its countless soap factories#(sly) hokkaido eh ?
ext springfield library  a little later  establishing)#i'd like the phone book for hokkaido japan please
(finding it) okay here you go the phone book for hokkaido japan#thank you may i please use your phone ?
is it a local call ?#yyyyes
moshimoshi ?#yes this is homer simpson from america who may i say is speaking to me ?
(into phone) hello chief let's talk why not ?#uh hello ? why am i mr sparkle ?
oh you like mr sparkle ?#well i am mr sparkle
you have many question mr sparkle i send you premium answer question hundred percent#(happy noise)
look we got a package from the mr sparkle company in japan#ow
(gasps) it is a videotape#put it in put it in
boring#that did not explain anything all i know is they stole my face and used it for their stupid "logo" there is no other explanation
yep there is your answer fish bulb#(wistfully) well it was a good ride while it lasted c'mon kids let's go home
we are home#that was fast
ext donny's discount gas station  moments later)#(to lovejoy) thanks for swinging by the house reverend
(pointing) he mista sparkaru mista sparkaru#(bowing solemnly) konichiwa
play dead#no run around in circles
baboons to the left of me baboons to the right the speeding locomotive tore through a sea of inhuman fangs a pair of the great apes rose up at me but biff bam i sent them flying like two hairy footballs a third came screaming at me (monkey hiss monkey hiss) and that is when i got mad#now that is religion
any office supply company can have them made up for you#can i have this one ?
yes sir#chair goes round chair goes round
hey homer ya busy ?#(still spinning) yes
uh maybe we oughta say "hi" to him#i do not know i am kind of dizzy i should probably go home sick
how do you do#(reverently) wow you have got pencils with your name on 'em just like a pencil company executive i'd give anything for one of these
oh yeah carl and i each have a masters 'course old homer he did not need a degree he just showed up the day they opened the plant#(chuckling) i did not even know what a nuclear panner plant was
um (tight polite laugh) yeah (hinting) well listen i am sure we all have a lot of work to do#hey you seem like a great guy so i will give you a little tip if you turn that security camera around you can sleep and no one will ever know
(disapproving) uh i do not think we are being paid to sleep#(bitter) oh yeah they are always trying to screw ya
int power plant  cafeteria  simultaneous)#(jovial) hiya stretch what is the good word ?
my name is grimes uh simpson frank grimes i took the trouble to learn your name the least you can do is learn mine#okay grimy
you are eating my special dietetic lunch#huh ?
huh ?#(chuckle) oh oh i am sorry
the bag was clearly marked please be more careful in the future#check
int power plant  grimes' office  a little later)#so how is it going grimy ?
i'd appreciate it if you would stay out of my office simpson#(chuckles) i wish i had a nickel for every time i have heard that (makes bored kid mouth noises) (sings loudly) take me out to the ball game / take me out to the ball so what is new grimy ?
(getting frustrated) look at your control panel#oh a five thirteen i will handle it
oh a five thirteen i will handle it#that got it
you idiot you nearly drank a beaker full of sulfuric acid#acid eh ? gee that would have been stupid (chuckling) boy would my face have been red (his chuckle grows to a belly laugh)
who did this to my wall ?#(jerking a thumb at grimes) he did
come with me#(loud whisper) he likes you
but sir if i could#hi grimy old buddy
i am not your buddy simpson i do not like you in fact i hate you stay the hell away from me because from now on (ominous) we are enemies#okay (beat) do i have to do anything ?
int moe's tavern  continuous)#oh i can not believe it i have got an enemy me the most beloved man in springfield
ah it is a weird world homer as hard as it is to believe some people do not care for me neither#(shaking head) no i will not accept that
okay gimme that gimme it back#(morose) oh what'll i do moe ?
well why do not you invite him over to dinner turn him from an enemy into a friend then when he is not expecting it bam the old fork in the eye#do you think it might work without the fork in the eye ?
ext simpson house  next night  establishing)#(fretting) this dinner has to go absolutely perfect if grimy and me are going to be friends lisa  be perfect
(shrugs) okay#marge  perfect bart  perfect other kid  perfect
i only have five lobsters are you sure he is not bringing anyone with him ?#no no he does not know he is coming to dinner i did not think he'd come so i called and said i had something really important to tell him and that i could only tell him about it here
no no he does not know he is coming to dinner i did not think he'd come so i called and said i had something really important to tell him and that i could only tell him about it here#(panicking small scream) it is him it is him it is him it is him it is him it is him it is him it is him it is him it is him it is him
(interrupting) calm down homer calm down answer the door#(all one word) welcometothesimpsonresidenceorcasadesimpsonasicallithehhehhehheh
yeah what did you want to see me about simpson ? this better be important#it is it is but first let me introduce you to my family (prompting them) my perfect family
it is it is but first let me introduce you to my family (prompting them) my perfect family#this is my wife marge
hello# and our beautiful baby my daughter lisa  iq 156
hi#see and my son bart  he owns a factory downtown
(impatient but polite) how do you do look homer i am i am late for my night job at the foundry so if you do not mind telling m (looks around sputtering) good heavens ththis is a palace how can how in the world can you afford to live in a house like this simpson ?#(shrugs) i 'unno do not ask me how the economy works
yeah but look at the size of this place (seething) iii live in a single room above a bowling alley and below another bowling alley#(impressed) wow
(stunned) i i am sorry is not that ?#yeah that is me all right and the guy standing next to me is president gerald ford and this is when i was on tour with the smashing pumpkins oh and here's a picture of me in outer space
you went into outer space you#sure you have never been ?
sure you have never been ?#would you like to see my grammy award ?
no i would not (begins pacing angrily) gaw i have had to work hard every day of my life and what do i have to show for it ? this briefcase and this haircut and what do you have to show for your lifetime of sloth and ignorance ?#(no idea) what ?
everything  a dream house two cars a beautiful wife a son who owns a factory fancy clothes and (sniffs) lobsters for dinner and do you deserve any of it ? no#(gasps) what are you saying ?
homer why are not you at work ?#the car will not start and i do not feel very good today i am at work
you are afraid to go to work because frank grimes will be there are not you ?#(sputters) wh th that is crazy talk you are crazy marge get off the road
you will have to face him sometime and when you do i am sure he will be just as anxious to make up as you are#no he will not he hates me
he does not hate you he just feels insecure because you are getting through life so easily and it is been so difficult for him#(seizing on this) yeah yeah that is his problem he is a nut it is not about me being lazy it is about him being a crazy nut
(diplomatically) well maybe but i will bet he would be less crazy if you were just a little more professional in your work#(stricken sound)
(reassuring) just a little more then he will not have any reason to resent you#(beat then firmly) i will do it to professionalism
int power plant  homer's office  later)#(formally) good morning fellow employee you will notice that i am now a model worker (he points at the poster and then himself) we should continue this conversation later during the designated break period sincerely homer simpson
(to himself interested) oh here we go#oh design your own power plant eh ? this is my chance to show everyone how professional i am
oh design your own power plant eh ? this is my chance to show everyone how professional i am#lenny tell mr burns i have gone home to work on the contest
i would not bother him honey he is making some kind of model for a contest he says it is really hightech stuff that we would not understand#marge do we have any elbow macaroni and glueon sparkles ?
pipe down#well basically i just copied the plant we have now
(intrigued noise)#then i added some fins to lower wind resistance and this racing stripe here i feel is pretty sharp
i do not need to do my work 'cause someone else will do it for me (smacks himself on forehead) d'oh d'oh d'oh#hey you okay grimy ?
i am better than okay i am homer simpson#(chuckles) you wish
frank grimes or "grimy" as he liked to be called taught us that a man can triumph over adversity and even though frank's agonizing struggle through life was tragically cut short i am sure he is looking down#(sleepy loud) change the channel marge
well golly i'd love to chat but my son's been kidnapped you have not seen him have you ? caucasian male between the ages of six and ten thinning hair ?#(pointing) over there
(defensive) hey i am sweet i am sweeter than jewish wine#barney where is my car ?
then prove it i want you to charm the next pretty young thing that walks through that door#(catchphrase) ah grrrreetings
son it is me i floated up toward heaven but got lost along the way#(gasp awed) dad ? is that really you ?
darn tootin' ya lousy fink you buried me naked and sold my suit to buy a pingpong table what kind of a son#(dismissive snort) call me when you get a karaoke machine
(pointing) here he is#i am hiding from (quavering) thththththe ghost
ghost ? what ghost ?#bbbefore the show you said we were having a special ghost tonight
(gracious applause)#what is a tim conway ?
you know homer we have all been busy as beavers preparing for our very own show#marge have you ever imagined what it would be like if we really were beavers ?
yes (to audience) and it might look something like this#honey i am home
honey i am home#it is not a plant marge it is a tree and i have nearly chewed through it now remember my new boss is coming home for dinner tonight
(laughter then aww's)#okay now before my boss comes there is something important you should know 
in a minute homie i have to get the door#but marge
inflation trade deficit horrible war atrocities how are we supposed to do our big musical number with so many problems in the world ?#well i know one thing in this world that is still pure and good
christian love ?#no candy sweet sweet candy
no candy sweet sweet candy#(singing) i want candy
well if you will not think of society's ills#(singing) i want candy
well it is time to say "good night"#i wish our special guest tim conway did not have to leave so soon
he is just kidding we'd like to thank fox and the good people at budget lodge#well that is all the time we have so this is the simpson family saying "as you walk down the road of life"
maybe she drove to the moon#(very quiet scream)
(etc)#(horrified scream)
int simpson house  living room  a little while later)#(beat then shouting) you have really done it this time bart you are in for the punishment of a lifetime
(hangdog) i know i will go to my room and think about what i did#no no your room is full of toys you are going to the uh garage
you know you do have options for example there are behavior modifying drugs (leaning in) how wedded are you to the bart you know ?#not very
(sardonic laugh) military school ? you lied to me#well i am sorry if you heard "disneyland" but i distinctly said "military school"
(scared) "freakouts ?"#(to commandant) if uh that happens are we still charged for the entire semester ?
look at how disciplined they are they are just like the terra cotta warriors of xian#they sure are
(jumping up and down) ouch ow ow ow ow ow ow#that is not so disciplined
they are just children mr simpson#(unimpressed scoff) i guess
please do not make me stay dad i will do anything you say i will find religion i will be good sometimes#leggo my leg
(desperate) no#son for the last time you are staying at military school
int simpson house  family room  continuous)#marge ? you got that ? (beat) marge ?
marge ? you got that ? (beat) marge ?#hey go on boy go get it answer the phone be a good boy
hey go on boy go get it answer the phone be a good boy#oh there is gotta be something on this thing for that thing
oh there is gotta be something on this thing for that thing#(satisfied noise)
to build and maintain those robots thank you#(hesitant) well bart uh did you make sure to return all the guns ?
(scared) well he is got more confidence#(weakly) uh yeah i have always said the boy could use more confidence
(reading inscription) "for satisfactory completion of the second grade" (contented sigh)#well kids we are so proud of the way you completed military school we thought this time we'd take you to disneyland for real
what a day / let's get started / some serious drinkin' / (etc)#'evening moe
noooooooooo#(to barney) you got the black one
(to barney) you got the black one#hey everybody i am peter pantsless (laughs)
no the playboy mansion playboy mansion#shut up it is my car and i say we are going to the lost city of gold
ext simpson house  a little later)#(tipsy) goodnight barney do not forget to bring back my car back tomorrow just slide it under the door
(shaky) all i remember about the last two months is giving a guest lecture at villanova (beat) or maybe it was a streetcorner#(quiet anger) so you lost my car eh ? well that is just grand i ought to punch you in the nose but i have to pick up my kids at school
homer i do not want you driving around in a car you built yourself#marge you can stand there finding fault or you can knit me some seat belts
(excited) dad you got a letter from the city of new york#(dismissive snort) throw it away nothing good has ever come out of new york city
(reading) "dear motorist your vehicle is illegally parked in the borough of manhattan"#(hopeful) my vehicle
"if you do not remedy this malparkage within 72 hours your car will be thrown into the east river at your expense"#(whiny) oh i do not want to go to new york city
why not ?#new york is a hellhole and you know how i feel about hellholes
yeah that is what people do in russia#(deep sigh) it is time i told you about a chapter of my life i hoped would be closed forever i was on my way to the harrisburg coat outlet to buy an irregular coat but it required a stopover in new york city
ext 42nd street between 8th and 7th  '70s  evening)#all i had to do was walk a few blocks from the port authority bus terminal to my train at penn station
all i had to do was walk a few blocks from the port authority bus terminal to my train at penn station#anyhow i must have looked at somebody the wrong waybecause the next thing i knew i was running for my life
anyhow i must have looked at somebody the wrong waybecause the next thing i knew i was running for my life#and that is when the chuds came at me
great we are all going to new york#(grumbles) lousy bart his money (then) all right new york i am coming back (takes out wallet) but you are not getting this
dad our baby pictures were in there#do not you start
i just think we should have paid the extra dollarfifty and gotten a bus with restrooms#(suddenly alarmed) marge i can not feel my legs
(suddenly alarmed) marge i can not feel my legs#i can not feel my legs
homer homer those legs belong to the man behind you#oh (laughs nervously to man) hi
ext terminal  a little later)#now remember criminals prey on smalltown folk like us so if anyone asks we are sophisticated millionaires from the ozarks
homer you are scaring the children#good i do not want to spend one extra second in this urban deathmaze you wait here at the bus station while i get the car
(annoyed) the bus station is just one of the sights we came to see (firmly) we will meet you in central park at five o'clock#oh all right but not a minute later  'cause once the sun goes down all the weirdos turn crazy
oh all right but not a minute later  'cause once the sun goes down all the weirdos turn crazy#i am on to you
ext world trade center plaza  a little later)#(reading) "your vehicle is illegally parked at one world trade plaza" hmmm
(reading) "your vehicle is illegally parked at one world trade plaza" hmmm#(impressed) ooohh
(impressed) ooohh#(screams)
(screams)#(screams louder)
ext center of world trade center plaza  day)#stupid city what the hell is this thing ?
stupid city what the hell is this thing ?#come off come off oh all right you
come off come off oh all right you#(muffled profanities) (rubs jaw) ow
ext center of world trade center plaza  a little later)#they expect me to sit here from nine to five ? that is how many hours ? (looks at watch) ten eleven denominator (moans) oh where is lisa when you need her ?
ext center of world trade center plaza  a little later)#(whiny moan) (then yelling at watch) come on pick up the pace
(whiny moan) (then yelling at watch) come on pick up the pace#hey i am not a bum (coin lands) thanks but i do not need (coin lands) okay if you insist but (coin lands) spare change lady ? (no coin) (bitterly) lousy cheapskate
hey i am not a bum (coin lands) thanks but i do not need (coin lands) okay if you insist but (coin lands) spare change lady ? (no coin) (bitterly) lousy cheapskate#so hungry can not leave car huh
so hungry can not leave car huh#(stretching grunts) getting closer closeralmost there (bone popping noise pained noise then) ow
(gruff middle eastern accent) fresh khlav kalash get your khlav kalash#hey uh could you go across the street and get me a slice of pizza ?
no pizza only khlav kalash#aw shoot (resigned) all right all right give me one bowl
no bowl  stick stick#(grossedout sound) geez that is just awful
ext world trade center plaza  a little later)#mmmm now what do you have to wash that awful taste out of my mouth ?
mountain dew or crab juice#blech eww geesh i will take a crab juice
blech eww geesh i will take a crab juice#uhoh uhh you got a men's room in there ?
(shakes head) only khlav kalash men's room in tower  tower observation deck#(moans) but i can not leave my car until the parking guy gets here oh why did i drink all that crab juice ?
(moans) but i can not leave my car until the parking guy gets here oh why did i drink all that crab juice ?#mmmmm
ext world trade center plaza  day)#(pleading) come on boot guy
(pleading) come on boot guy#(longing sigh) (dreamily) "flushing meadows"
(longing sigh) (dreamily) "flushing meadows"#oh i can not take it anymore (to car) all right i will only be gone for a second
int world trade center tower lobby  continuous)#frontsies backsies i am with them vip coming through very important person they gave me frontsies
int observation deck  a minute later)#(pained moan)
ext world trade center tower  continuous)#(exaggerated) aaaaaahhhhhhhhh (then) oh yes oh
int men's room  continuous)#(loud annoyed grunts)
ext world trade center plaza  a minute later)#what ? (reading) "failure to wait by vehicle $250" (angry muttering)
$250" (angry muttering)#oh no it is getting dark (determined) well that is it i am getting out of this town alive if it kills me
oh no it is getting dark (determined) well that is it i am getting out of this town alive if it kills me#(sneaky chuckle) ow (sneaky chuckle) ow (sneaky chuckle) ow (head just bangs again) ow
(chuckles politely then) uh seriously though  my name is bart simpson my father has a subscription i'd like the grand tour please#(moans) it is gonna be dark soon i will never make it out of here with this rotten boot on my car
(squeaky voice to homer) yeah ya jackass#shut up shut up shut up
ext midtown street  day)#(getting an idea) aha i have got it brain how can i ever thank you ?
(getting an idea) aha i have got it brain how can i ever thank you ?#(meekly) sorry
(meekly) sorry#(to other drivers reassuring) just a minute everything's under control yes i'd be upset too
(to other drivers reassuring) just a minute everything's under control yes i'd be upset too#hey hey hey
what ?#the boss says you are fired
(rolling up sleeve) i will get him#(sneaky chuckle)
(sneaky chuckle)#so long mr boot
so long mr boot#(vibrating) come ooon come ooon
(vibrating) come ooon come ooon#die die
die die#homer one new york nothing
homer one new york nothing#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(cheery) thanks for your patience
my god that maniac is heading straight for us (starts whipping horse) go secretariat go#ow
hey it is dad right on time#we are getting outta here now jump in marge trust me throw the kids no time for the baby
(firmly) we are not jumping homer#come on let's go everyone into the car now
what a magical city can we come back next year dad ?#(calm) we will see honey
(calm) we will see honey#(calmer) we will see
(annoyed murmur) let's bake him a cake#ooh a fresh batch of america balls mmm (dainty gobbling sounds)
i have no son#look lady you obviously have at least one son
not if you called 'em "stench blossoms"#or "crapweeds"
i'd sure hate to get a dozen crapweeds for valentine's day i'd rather have candy#not if they were called "scumdrops"
ext night club  a little later)#fair enough
ext highway  day)#okay once more where are we going ?
to capitol city#and why are you and the old lady in the car ?
we are gonna talk armin tamzarian into coming back#and why is marge here ?
i came up with the idea#and why am i here ?
because the streets of capitol city are no place for three unescorted ladies#and why are the kids here ?
because we could not find grampa to sit for them#and why is grampa here ?
and i am not seymour my name is armin this is armin's apartment armin's liquor armin's copy of "swank" armin's frozen peas#can i see your copy of "swank" armin ?
ext springfield elementary school  afternoon)#hey everybody look armin tamzarian's back and he is gonna take over the school again
now hold on armin tamzarian is an unsavory character who played us all for chumps#(downplaying) all right all right so he is a fraud i do not care his mom does not care do any of you care ?
well i do not see any way out of this#now if you will allow me i think i have a solution that'll satisfy the town and let sgt skinner keep his dignity
but i am a hero#and we salute you for it now do not come back
well this is a lovely gesture but we still have to face the fact that i am not really seymour skinner#oh no we do not judge snyder ?
yes mother#(sings) boy the way the bee gees played
(sings) movies john travolta made#(sings) guessing how much elvis weighed
(voice cracks) and you knew where you were then#(sings) watching shows like gentle ben
(sings) watching shows like gentle ben#(sing) mister we could use a man like sheriff lobo again
(sing) mister we could use a man like sheriff lobo again#(sings) disco duck and fleetwood mac
the simpsons is filmed in front of a live studio audience#(friendly) hey there meathead what are you watchin' ?
whoever you are just pass it along kid#(chuckles) what a bad father
(chuckles) what a bad father#lisa knock off that racket
but dad i am supposed to practice an hour a day#(angry) i will practice you
you will practice me ? what does that mean ? is it supposed to be some sort of threat ?#(frustrated) bart make her stop
int simpson house  living room  a little later)#aw lisa it does not look so bad
(sniffles) oh yeah ?#(disgusted noise)(sweetly) lisa honey if it will make you feel better i will destroy something bart loves
hey#(sagely) do not worry son if that bothers you i will destroy something maggie loves
dad you do not understand (sniffles) this saxophone is like my oldest friend i have had it for as long as i can remember#you do not remember how you got it ?
(sniffles)(shakes head) nuhuh#oh well it all happened in 1990 back then the artist formerly known as prince was currently known as prince tracey ullman was entertaining america with songs sketches and crudelydrawn filler material and bart was eagerly awaiting his first day of school
oh honey i can not right now bart's gonna be late#now son on your first day of school i'd like to pass along the words of advice my father gave me
homer you are dumb as a mule and twice as ugly if a strange man offers you a ride i say take it#lousy traumatic childhood
hi honey how was your first day of school ? (beat) honey ?#(sings) bart was feeling mighty blue
(sing) those were the dayyyyys#(concluding) and that my children is the story of bart's first day of school
very nice#(smiling) yeah
yeah (mad) except you were supposed to be telling the story of how i got my saxophone#(annoyed grunt)
homer i can not get the baby to burp could you try for a while ?#no problem (takes maggie) i will just give her a sip of beer (trying to get her to drink) come on maggie  it is miller time yesit ismillertime
homer#oh my father gave me beer as a child (thinks) till i wrapped my little red wagon around a tree
(soberly) let's never drink again#and we never did
that is damn fine coffee you got here in twin peaks and damn good cherry pie#brilliant (chuckles) (then admitting) i have absolutely no idea what is going on
homer i want you to look at this drawing bart did#(too big) oh it is beautiful oh oh let's put bart's beautiful drawing up on the fridge
homer stop would you please look at the drawing ?#(pleasant) oh all right what a(screams) burn it send it to hell
i think we are going to have to get bart some help#(scared) get it away
int bart's bedroom  day)#bart son you wanna play catch ?
int hallway  continuous)#(moans) when a boy does not want to play catch with his old man something is seriously wrong
i will play catch with you son#(peeved) get the hell out
two apples#(thinks) wait a minute she is right
that is wonderful but still can not you do anything for bart ?#marge he is five his life is over lisa's the wave of the future
(chuckles) that is right honey if you nurture her gift now there is no telling what she can do#(intrigued) wow just think of the possibilities
lisa simpson has won the nobel prize#nah
lisa simpson has won the nobel prize for kickboxing#(intrigued) hm
(mild british accent) i can assure you our preschool is of the highest quality over seventyfive per cent of our graduates go on to first grade#well our little girl has a gift and we are willing to do what it takes to help her
very good once we receive your six thousand dollar tuition check she is in#i will give ya fifty bucks
(scoffing noise) our fee is nonnegotiable#seventyfive
sorry i do not have anything to offer you unless you are a member of a minority group#(faking) excellente muchas gracias seorata
(disdainful) sorry#(chinese accent) ah so
int simpson house  living room  present day)#our family was suffering through its worst crisis ever bart was miserable at school and lisa's gifts were going to waste
and sometimes i feel so smothered by this family i just want to scream till my lungs explode (off their looks) (deep breath) uh i will go start dinner now#you do that
hello#dad what are you doin' here ?
and so springfield's heat wave continues with today's temperature exceeding the record for this date set way back four billion years ago when the earth was just a ball of molten lava#ohhh so hottt
uhh you keep 'em now listen if we can not afford private school maybe there is some other way to encourage lisa umm an art class ballet lessons they have some fun things you could do at the museum on saturday#uhuh forget it marge there is no way i am spending my saturdays at a museum unless museums do not have foosball do they ?
uhuh forget it marge there is no way i am spending my saturdays at a museum unless museums do not have foosball do they ?#you lose michelangelo's david who is next ?
(sighs) i guess it does not matter all these things cost money and we just do not have it unless#unless what ?
well there is that two hundred dollars we have been saving for the new air conditioner#oh marge but we have needed a new air conditioner for years and our stopgap solution is getting cranky
i cannot believe this i am trying to give our daughter a head start in life and you are not helping a bit#marge name one successful person who ever lived without air conditioning
balzac#no need for potty mouth just because you can not think of one
but balzac is the name#up up up up up up up if "ifs" and "buts" were candy and nuts y how does the rest of that go ?
please just promise you will not buy an air conditioner till we have figured out a way to help lisa#all right all right i promise there must be another way to get an air conditioner
all right all right i promise there must be another way to get an air conditioner#mmmm recirculated air
uh homer ?#(rolling eyes) what flanders
well sir i hate to be a suspicious aloysius on you but did you steal my air conditioner ?#well i admit it looks bad flanders but have not you heard of "let he who is without sin cast the first stone ?"
ext moe's  day)#well moe this is it today's the day i get my new air conditioner
i am lisa#(to moe proudly) she has a gift
uh here have a margarita#(gasp) oooh
(disgruntled bubbling noises)#(laughs evilly)
(laughs evilly)#wowww
ext street  continuous)#a musical instrument ? could that be a way to encourage a gifted child ? (looks heavenward) just give me a sign
a musical instrument ? could that be a way to encourage a gifted child ? (looks heavenward) just give me a sign#eh works for me
int music store  a little later)#so what do you like lisa ? viomalin tubamaba obomoboe ?
that one#ohh saxomophone
ohh saxomophone#two hundred dollars
two hundred dollars#(sighs) oh i will take it
would you like an inscription sir ?#(sweetly) yeah "to lisa never forget your daddy loves (annoyed grunt)"
int simpson house  living room  present day)#and that inscription is still there today
wow so that is how lisa got her sax#(dramatically) next i will tell you the origin of maggie's pacifier
(hinting) you know homer i think we have some money in the air conditioner account again hmmm ?#ohhhh but marge am i doomed to spend the rest of my life sweating like a pig ?
(sticks head in) do not forget the smell#will you get off my front lawn ?
why do not you make me ?#why  oh i give up
you are a good father#(smiles) i learned from the master
(hearty laughter and ad libs)#lisa enough saxomophone already
and that is how an heroic hippo became a deputy#stupid hippo
tensions continue to mount between springfield and france over mayor quimby's now famous "frog's legs" joke the french president has threatened swift and massive retaliation if he does not receive an immediate apology#stupid frog
homer you know how unpredictable the french are one minute they are kissing a woman's hand the next they are chopping off her head what if they start a war ?#relax i built a bomb shelter
that is not gonna protect us from anything#fine then do not use it
i will not#good
i know it is good#so do i
i am happy for you#you should be
now this baby is called "the withstandinator" it can take a six megaton blast no more no less#(impressed moan)
int shelter  continuous)#blankets radio (short gasp) oh a gary larson calendar (flipping pages) i do not get it i do not get it i do not get it i do not get it ido not get it
int army surplus store  continuous)#(as he passes mouth full) you call that prime rib ?
int simpson car  moments later)#(yelling out window) it is green moron earth to stupid guy hullo ? (getting out of car) (building anger sound) maybe a little friendly punching will move your ass
(yelling out window) it is green moron earth to stupid guy hullo ? (getting out of car) (building anger sound) maybe a little friendly punching will move your ass#(proudly) heh still got it
(proudly) heh still got it#geez what is with all the death ?
geez what is with all the death ?#oh my god everyone's gone (teary) (overwhelmed gasp) little bart
oh my god everyone's gone (teary) (overwhelmed gasp) little bart#little lisaaa
little lisaaa#little marge
little marge#and the rest
and the rest#(crying) oh i have lost everything i can not go on (then standing determined) no no no i can not just wallow in sadness it is time to laugh again (giggles) i am the last man alive
(crying) oh i have lost everything i can not go on (then standing determined) no no no i can not just wallow in sadness it is time to laugh again (giggles) i am the last man alive#and i can do everything i have always wanted
and i can do everything i have always wanted#oh spade why did you put farley in charge of the bees ? (to tall corpse in front of him) hey buddy down in front
oh spade why did you put farley in charge of the bees ? (to tall corpse in front of him) hey buddy down in front#(singing) "war hunh good god y'all / what is it good for ? / absolutely nothin' say it again" okay
(singing) "war hunh good god y'all / what is it good for ? / absolutely nothin' say it again" okay#hey what happened to the tunes ?
hey what happened to the tunes ?#(short scream then) hey what the hell's goin' on ? where'd you get those cloaks ?
not everyone died in the blast homer some of us were merely horribly mutated (chuckles)#(gasp) you are mutants ?
(sinister) and now you must die#you want me ? come and get me
get him#(annoyed grunt)
ext street  moments later)#(frightened) a c a coffin
(frightened) a c a coffin#die you chalkfaced goons
come on we just wanna eat your skin#go to hell cloaky
go to hell cloaky#(gasps four times) safe at last
(gasps four times) safe at last#that better not be the mutants
that better not be the mutants#(screams)
homie is that you ?#(gasps) marge kids you are alive
all the layers of lead paint in this house made it the perfect bomb shelter#ohh com'ere
(snorts) friends with mutants right#(impressed) now that is the marge i married
ext simpson house  continuous)#so who wants to steal some ferraris ?
ext professor frink's house  driveway  day)#(nervous) okay now let's not jump to conclusions everyone
good morning ma'am good afternoon sir (holds up watch) it passed noon while i was speaking so that was technically accurate#(loud whisper) he is crazy
nice try floyd but you were designed for scrubbing and scrubbing is what you shall do#(impressed noise)
i take it from that little impressed noise that you are interested in purchasing that matter transporter sir#(looking at price tag) hmmm two bucks (cagily) and it only transports matter ? umm well ah i will give you 35 cents
sold but i must warn you this device carries a frighteningly high risk of catastrophic#(interrupting) i said i will take it
int simpson house  living room  later)#this mountain of stairs used to make bedtime a grueling chore but not any more baby
this mountain of stairs used to make bedtime a grueling chore but not any more baby#(chuckles) good night losers
(chuckles) good night losers#man how'd i live without this thing ?
man how'd i live without this thing ?#(distasteful sound) oh man that is good
homer no#(zips up fly) (disappointed moan)
hey dad can i use the transporter sometime ? please i swear i will be careful#sorry but this is a highly sophistimicated doowhackey if you do not use it responsibly (gesturing grandly) kablamo
ow someone just punched me in the face#(calling) it was your mother
oh ow uh#(banging on the pod) bart are you in there ? have you forgotten our little "kablamo" talk ?
(confused) bluggh ? blarrr blagh#i think she is right the pants are a dead giveaway
homer stop that#so then lenny says "as if do not even go there sister" (laughs)
good one dad#yeah well lenny said it
there is one thing i still do not understand when bart went through the transporter what happened to his head ?#eh it will turn up somewhere
sucker#(affectionately) okay okay it is your sugar bart
(suddenly furious) blarrgh#get 'im boy smash that fly mush him up good
get 'im boy smash that fly mush him up good#nice work son
(screams) mom dad help he is trying to kill me#(without looking) nobody likes a tattletale honey
hey it worked#(gravely) well we were lucky this time but it is all too clear that some things in this universe are not meant to be trifled with
homer what are you doing ?#something i should have done a long time ago
something i should have done a long time ago#(angry) i will teach you to mess with my machine
(angry) i will teach you to mess with my machine#i am gonna chop you good
i am gonna chop you good#that cost me 35 cents
that cost me 35 cents#you are just making it worse i promise i will not hurt you
if they are really witches why do not they use their powers to escape ?#(accusing) that sounds like witch talk to me lisa
let us throw open the floor to ah wild accusations#woo hoo (pointing at maude) i accuse goody flanders
as for the rest of you#(short screams) they are in my hair they are in my hair
(to camera) yar and that is the story of the very first caramel cod i mean halloween and it wasn't long before this yearly custom became an annual tradition#c'mon give us some candy do not pretend you are not home
dad that is our house#(humiliated silence then pointing at lisa) she is a witch
hey dad how come you have never taken us to see a soccer game ?#(mystified) i do not know
ariaga ariaga ii bariaga aruglia and pizzoza#(frowning) oh i have never heard of those people
and they will all be signin' autographs#woo hoo
(quickly) can we go dad ? / please dad ? / please please please ? / can we go huh huh please ? / (etc)#yes yes oh god yes
int stadium)#oh i will kill myself if portugal does not win
pel is king of the soccer field to be king of your kitchen use crestfield wax paper#boring
homer we gotta get out of here#(whiny) oh but i want to do some rioting
jobbers cobknots ya mucker#(quickly) all done
ext simpson street  later)#i'd like to buy your deadliest gun please
oh my god homer they are right next door#relax marge if someone tries to get in here my burglar alarm will let us know
(gasp)#(serene) watch the fish marge
looks like you called me juuust in time this home is not secure at all#what did i tell you marge ?
well a lot of companies would put in a pretty system that looks good but does not provide any real protection#oh let's get that
(chuckles) well i should hope not#let's get that the suffocation thing
and you can have it all for just five hundred dollars#five hundred dollars (moan) forget it
but surely you can not put a price on your family's lives#i would not have thought so either but here we are
homer we need something to protect this family#i could not agree more marjorie you deserve peace of mind and peace of mind is what you shall have
whoa careful there annie oakley#i do not have to be careful i got a gun
(displaying items) holster#oh yeah
bandoleer#baby
silencer#mmmhmm
loudener#ahh
speedcocker#ooo i like the sound of that
(pulling out large attachment) and this is for shooting down police helicopters#oh i do not need anything like that  yet just gimme my gun
sorry the law requires a five day waiting period we have got to run a background check#five days but i am mad now
(grabbing noise)#i'd kill you if i had my gun
yeah well you do not#(to himself) lousy big shot thinks he is so big 'cause he is got a lot of guns
int simpson car  later)#well if he did not have any guns i'd show him a thing or two
int simpson house  lisa's bedroom  night)#let's see what happens when he walks into my store then we will see who is worried about five day waiting period
dad it is three am can not you mutter in your room ?#marge kicked me out
(giving in) all right go ahead#(resumes muttering) pushy kids think they can tell me what to do in my house i tell you parents these days they do not know how to rear children
(resumes muttering) pushy kids think they can tell me what to do in my house i tell you parents these days they do not know how to rear children#(moan) how am i supposed to last five days without shooting something ?
ext gun store  morning)#come on come on open up
come on come on open up#(nonchalant) now i believe you have some sort of firearm for me
well let's see here uh according to your background check you have been in a mental institution#yuh
frequent problems with alcohol#(chuckles knowingly) yeah
you beat up president bush#(correcting) former president
(correcting) former president#"potentially dangerous ?"
relax that just limits you to three handguns or less#woo hoo
int simpson house  a short while later)#(playfully) close your eyes marge i have got a surprise for you
(intrigued murmur)#okay open your eyes
(scream)#hey it is a handgun is not it great ? this is the trigger and this is the thing you point at whatever you want to die
homer i do not want guns in my house do not you remember when maggie shot mr burns ?#i thought smithers did it
hey dad can i borrow the gun tomorrow ? i want to scare that old security guard at the bank#only if you clean your room
no no one's using this gun the tv said you are 58 per cent more likely to shoot a family member than an intruder#(hurt) tv said that ? but i have to have a gun it is in the constitution
dad the 2nd amendment is just a remnant from revolutionary days it has no meaning today#you could not be more wrong lisa if i did not have this gun the king of england could just walk in here any time he wants and start shoving you around do you want that ? huh ? do you ?
no#all right then
i am sorry homer no weapons#a gun is not a weapon marge it is a tool like a butcher knife or a harpoon or (thinks) a a an alligator you just need more education on the subject tell you what you come with me to an nra meeting and if you still do not think guns are great we will argue some more
(quickly) no thanks#pull
to take out today's modern superanimals such as the flying squirrel and the electric eel#learnin' somethin' marge ?
(laughter)#hi i am homer s
hi homer#hi it seems to me if a gun can protect something as important as a bar it is good enough to protect my family so if you will have me i would like to become a lifetime member of your wonderful organization
homer you can not join up with these gun nuts#oh come on be fair marge (falling to knees) for once in your life be fair
ext shooting range  day)#sorry
(scared) oh do not shoot just take the money and get out#(surprised) what ? oh apu i would never
(surprised) what ? oh apu i would never#(to himself) or would i ?
(to himself) or would i ?#i will do it i will rob the kwikemart
int homer's car)#all right put your (annoyed grunt) oh well i will rob it next time
can you help me get my ball down from the roof dad ?#sure thing honey
sure thing honey#you want me to get the cat down ?
missed one dad#see you in hell dinner plate
uhmm#(quickly) mmm you probably left them at work on another topic (pulls out gun) guess who was picked to host the next nra gettogether ?
homer i told you this morning no guns at the dinner table#you said the breakfast table
it is the same table#listen if it will make you feel any better i will put the safety on
listen if it will make you feel any better i will put the safety on#oops guess it already was on
oops guess it already was on#uh i'd better just put it down
(heartfelt) but this is the first time since we have been married that i have actually feared for our lives so i am asking you if you really care about me and the children please please get rid of the gun#(sincere) all right marge i will do it for you
i am a lucky woman#and i am a wonderful man
(gasp) bart#(gently reproachful) oh i see bart gets to have a gun
(cold fury) you lied to me you promised to get rid of this gun#(lamely) i put it in a safe place marge i mean what are the odds the boy would look in the vegetable crisper ?
(to homer) how could you ? of all the terrible things you have ever done in your life this is the worst the most despicable#(pleading) but marge i swear to you i never thought you would find out
(annoyed murmur) until you decide what is more important  your gun or your family  we can not live in the same house come on kids#(as she leaves) so this is the thanks i get for protecting my family ? then go i will be just fine
(as she leaves) so this is the thanks i get for protecting my family ? then go i will be just fine#(beat to milhouse) do you know how to cook dinner ?
ext simpson house  evening)#(girlish) ooo the gun club's gonna be here any minute
(girlish) ooo the gun club's gonna be here any minute#(short scream) (gasp) they are here they are here
and that is how with a few minor adjustments you can turn a regular gun into five guns#here's some more chocolate curls gun buddies
here's some more chocolate curls gun buddies#anyone else want a beer ?
(gasp) homer you use your gun as a can opener ?#i use it for everything watch me turn on the tv
are you some kind of moron ?#yeah but
your membership card please homer#(unhappy sound)
i will also need to remove your tattoo#(displaying arm) i did not get one yet
int simpson house  later that night)#(moans) this gun cost me everything my wife my kids everything but my precious precious gun
(moans) this gun cost me everything my wife my kids everything but my precious precious gun#(in darkness) this stinks i want my family back
(disappointed) all right (starts to close door then) vote quimby#marge ? sorry (tries another door) marge ? oh sorry (tries another door) marge ?
vote quimby#sorry
down here homer#(loudly) oh marge there is so many things i want to yell to you
(frustrated) come down here#(yelling) okay
int motel room  moments later)#ohho confused would we ?
int van houten house  continuous)#oh honey please come home i need you it is dark in the house and i am hungry and lonesome and there is no one there to hear my various witty remarks
what about the gun ?#it is gone for good marge i finally realized what is the point of having a gun for protection if you have got no one to protect ?
do what he says i am too rich to die#freeze bad guy
(shocked) homer you said you got rid of the gun you lied to me again#i know i said that but what i secretly meant was
yoink (triumphant laugh)#the joke's on you buddy there is no bullets in that thing
yo give me the bullets#(frightened gasp) okay do not shoot
(looking out door) no i do not think so#i am sorry i lied to you marge but this gun had a hold on me i felt this incredible surge of power like god must feel when he is holding a gun so please get rid of it because i know i will just lie to you again and again
well your cholesterol level is lethally high homer but i am more concerned about your gravy level#(irate) now wait a second you doctors have been telling us to drink eight glasses of gravy a day
(mouth full) i am comfortable with who i am#(mouth full) you are a disgrace to this family
or good oldfashioned pee wee football#there you go bart pee wee football will melt away those unsightly pounds and inches
yeah but i could get seriously hurt#then it is settled
the wildcats#hey flanders you are the worst coach this team has ever had
he is the only coach this team has ever had and the season has not even started yet#(searching) yeah well he is wearing that hat like an idiot
you know homer it is very easy to criticize#fun too
ooo he is quite a little dancer#(grudgingly) ahh you got lucky flanders and fix that hat
yayyy / i am special / wooo / etc#(scoffing) huh big deal i have been carried out of moe's like that hundreds of times
what a rip#well i am tellin' ya flanders can not coach at all now i am not the type to have a grudge for no reason
sir if i could just break in for a moment#yes roy
(annoyed) do you have a question for sandy koufax ?#yes mr koufax do not you think flanders is a big jerk ? (short beat) y'ello ? y'ello ?
yes mr koufax do not you think flanders is a big jerk ? (short beat) y'ello ? y'ello ?#yeah homer again i think we got cut off y'ello ?
ext springfield pee wee football field  a few days later)#(taunting) flaaaanders flaaaanders
what ?#(short beat then) flaaaanders
what ? what is it ?#(pointing at field) game's out there (laughs) made you look
dad that was really mean#i know sweetie and i got him right in the uhoh
i know sweetie and i got him right in the uhoh#(timidly) hiihihihi hi flanders (beat) go wildcats
do you have a problem with the way i am coaching ?#no no no no no (small voice) it is just that well like i was yelling earlier it seems like anyone with half a brain could coach better than you
(steamed) uhhuh half a brain huh ? well you know what ? it sounds like you just volunteered#(stunned) me ? but you were doing such a great job
(screams)#you are not gonna make the team with that kinda attitude
(frustrated) i do not want to make the team#then why are you running the obstacle course ?
are you wearing my selfdefense whistle ?#you never use it
good morning everybody#wipe that smile off your face
what did i do ?#i am tired of watching you dog it on that football field from now on i am gonna work you like a dog now go fetch me twenty laps
oh man#do it
you should not pressure bart like that#well if you know a better way for me to live through my son i'd like to hear it
well if you know a better way for me to live through my son i'd like to hear it#(calling to bart) i knew it slowing down already huh ?
(disgusted sound) that is what i get for having faith in ya#(hurt sound) my father never believed in me
(hurt sound) my father never believed in me#well i am not gonna make the same mistake from now on i am gonna be kinder to my son and meaner to my dad
ext backyard  continuous)#quit runnin' son i just want to give ya a big hug
quit runnin' son i just want to give ya a big hug#i believe in you hug meeeee
i believe in you hug meeeee#(quick pained noises) will you hug meeeee ? hug meee
ext football field  the next day)#good practice team okay it is time for the easiest part of any coach's job the cuts
good practice team okay it is time for the easiest part of any coach's job the cuts#now while i wasn't able to cut everyone i wanted to i have cut a lot of you wendell is cut rudy is cut janey you are gone steven i like your hustle that is why it was so hard to cut you
now while i wasn't able to cut everyone i wanted to i have cut a lot of you wendell is cut rudy is cut janey you are gone steven i like your hustle that is why it was so hard to cut you#congratulations the rest of you made the team
congratulations the rest of you made the team#(quickly) except you you and you
(as he passes bart bitterly) bart did not get cut what a surprise#now just because i am his father he will get no special treatment he calls me "coach" just like everyone else which he will be doing (selling) as our new starting quarterback
but coach ?#what is it sweetie ?
yeah / yeah he is right / he is good#not any more from now on you are my main man okay now everyone give me five laps and hit the showers oh rod you do not have to you are cut
but i can not play quarterback i do not even know how#son you can do anything you want i have total faith in you
since when ?#since your mother yelled at me now how 'bout that hug ?
good luck homer no hard feelin's#not so easy to keep your mouth shut now is it flanders ?
(scared) yahh#it is okay son you will do better next time
(frightened sounds)#look at him go
look at him go#(patting him on back) exxcellent poise son you panicked but you did not lose your cool
(to himself) aw crap#great debut son you really settled in after some early jitters
are you kidding ? i reeked#(supportive) oh really ? do reeky players get the game ball ?
(supportive) oh really ? do reeky players get the game ball ?#(to team) hey everybody let's hear it for bart
ext springfield football field  the next day)#ah you guys are some k
dad i have got some bad news#(whiny) ohh your mother's not pregnant is she ?
no i got hit by a couple of cars i will not be able to play today#ohh boy well i will just have to go to my back up plan (to nelson) nelson how is your arm feelin' ?
(surprised) great#good take this note over to the referee
forfeit ? / what ? / come on / oh man#(to team) come on guys we can not play without bart he is the heart of this team
yeah he does / and how#do not listen to them son i have total faith in you
(angry) you do not get it do you ? i do not want to be your stupid quarterback i quit#(stunned) what ? (then angry) well i got news for you mister you can not quit you are cut (adding) you too milhouse
may i be excused mom ?#(mocking) oh so now you are quitting dinner too
homer please#i did not raise him to be a quitter marge it must have been you you have quit every job you have ever had cop pretzel vendor church counselor professional gambler
he is doing what he thinks is best#well if quitting is the best maybe i should just quit my job
ahoyhoyhoy ?#mr burns this is homer j simpson the father of the big quitter well i just wanted to tell you i am a big quitter too and i quit
homer mr burns can not see you winking#so (scream)
we drove 2000 miles for this ?#we are in the championship way to go team
aw i do not wanna bother mom at work#well bart looks like it is just you and (sadly) ohhh
(computerized) i will scratch you the hair the hair slut loser skag skag skag#i am feelin' kinda low apu you got any of that beer that has candy floatin' in it ? you know "skittlebrau" ?
such a product does not exist sir i think you must have dreamed it#oh well then just give me a sixpack and a couple bags of skittles
oh well then just give me a sixpack and a couple bags of skittles#(tentative) hello son
(tentative) hello son#i wanna apologize i just got so caught up trying to encourage you i was blinded to your stinky performance if you forgive me i promise i will never encourage you again
i wanna apologize i just got so caught up trying to encourage you i was blinded to your stinky performance if you forgive me i promise i will never encourage you again#i have got lots of quarters
(smiles) this thing only takes dollars#aww you know tomorrow's the championship game and i could sure use a good offensive tackle
but i thought uter took my place#(cheerfully) consider him cut
time for one last play coach#hold on i am workin' it out
hold on i am workin' it out#okay half of you vibrate that way two of you fall down nelson you just spin around in a circle
all right i have got an arrest warrant here for a nelson muntz uh which one of you little punks is muntz ?#oh no my quarterback what are we gonna do ?
it is okay dad i can fill in for nelson#are you sure son ?
are you sure son ?#(sweetly) i knew i could count on you
(fondly laughs) poor bart you know we had a lot of fun tonight but there is nothing funny about vapor lock it is the third most common cause of car stallings so please take care of your car and get it checked i am joe namath goodnight#scully you are cut ehhh brooks groening simon you are all cut castellaneta gone kavner cut cartwright cut smith sorry cut azaria and shearer you are cut firestone you are cut so is judge namath you stay all of those people are cut phil schultz and wolf and silverman goldreyer o'brien dolye selman i do not know what i do not know what you are doin' here 'cause you are all cut pietila clan kuwahaha there're so many cuts here look i will just post 'em up and you just see where your name is oooo look at how many cuts there are there ohhh boy you are cut all of you he is cut i cut you you are cut too shooshie
lazy bums#yeah why do not we buy 'em mink stoles while we are at it ?
yeah why do not we buy 'em mink stoles while we are at it ?#(chuckle)
(reading) "this is just a note to say i think about you every day and when i get you all alone" (to homer sheepish) (short laugh) well it gets a little bit personal here#i understand (snatching card) yoink (reading it over) wow
i know#whoa
tell me about it#(lustful shudder)
(sorting mail) oh here's one from my mother#(leering) ooo let's see what she wrote (bob hope growl)
(screaming panic)#oh you hate lotus flowers too ? oh do not get me started on lotus flowers
no no it is the sign that it is time for my arranged marriage#oh well congratulations
no no no do not you know what it means ?#(blankly) not really
it all happened shortly after my eighth birthday#(weary leans on counter) okay here we go
oh i cannot get married i am just beginning to enjoy my bachelorhood ah what am i going to do ?#tell her the truth you are not ready to get married
no no no no you do not know mother she will never quit until i am married#then just tell her you are already married
no no i cannot lie to my mother#(losing patience) then get married what the hell do you want from me ?
it worked it worked the lie has set me free#loser loser loser (quivering) (excited gasps) five hundred dollars (shaking apu) apu wake up i want to buy a yodel and this lottery ticket
loser loser loser (quivering) (excited gasps) five hundred dollars (shaking apu) apu wake up i want to buy a yodel and this lottery ticket#i have this much
i am sorry you do not have enough for both#oh oh ooo oh yodel
oh oh ooo oh yodel#late night huh ?
i am not the type to kiss and tell sir (confidentially) but listen to this#(impressed sound) you dog
oh no oh no what am i going to do ?#what is the big problem ?
the wife that i told her i had (still nothing) (short exasperated scream) i do not have a wife#then maybe you should not of told her you did
(relieved sigh) oh yes that'll buy me some time (panicked sounds) homer you have got to help me#(sagely) (chewing) okay seems to me (clears throat) what you oughta do is um
(grabs homer's lapels) what ? what ? what ? what ? what ?#(calmly) wellll you could always move into my house and tell your mom that marge is your wife
is it me or do your plans always involve some horrible web of lies ?#it is you
int simpson house  living room  a little later)#(lustful shudder) oh that yodel was so good i wish i was eatin' it right now
(lustful shudder) oh that yodel was so good i wish i was eatin' it right now#oh crap i forgot
oh crap i forgot#marge i need a small favor for the next few days will you pretend to be apu's wife ?
what ?#please ? it is just for as long as his mother's living here
(hesitant) how was your day sweetheart ?#(to apu's mother selling) can you feel the love ?
ohhhh (beat then chipper) here i am#okay gotta run apu i am sure you wanna to get upstairs and fix that broken toilet before marge yells at you again
(sucking sound)#but you can not leave we are scammin' an old lady at my house and i need a place to hide out
ah sorry homer i have been planning this vacation for years i am finally gonna see easter island#oh right with the giant heads
int grampa's room  continuous)#hey dad i have come to spend some time with my favorite father
baloney you came here to put me in a home#you are already in a home
abraham simpson (hands him pills) cornelius talmadge#oh no i am not (eyeing pills) oh well let's see whatcha got here
(ringing bell) all right folks it is supper time#supper at 4 o'clock ? ohho what a sweet deal
supper at 4 o'clock ? ohho what a sweet deal#hey they got chairs with wheels and here i am using my legs like a sucker
fully (beat) we have to go now#jasper gladys beatrice lookin' good hattie asa hazel hazel hazel
jasper gladys beatrice lookin' good hattie asa hazel hazel hazel#oh the hell with her hester emil prudence lemuel increase dad
(ringing bell) supper time#oh no you do not
oh yes i do#eat my dust
wow someone sure likes his kidney mush#damn right
damn right#(smacks lips) mmm who knew that lay's made liquid potato chips ? i can not suck just one
(slightly annoyed) another bag of chips mr talmadge ?#please also i think i am getting a bedsore what do you have to do to get turned around here ?
please also i think i am getting a bedsore what do you have to do to get turned around here ?#hey what is lucky hooked up to ?
(grunting as she turns homer) a respirator it breathes for him#and here i am using my own lungs like a sucker and how come everyone gets a bedpan and i have to walk all the way over there ?
you mean there ?#(pissed) yeah
ext simpson house  establishing  early morning)#(excited) when i get old marge i want you to promise you will put me in a home it is like being a baby only you are old enough to appreciate it
(annoyed murmur) well i am glad you were having fun because i have had my hands full with apu's mother#(remembering) ohhh right right the fake marriage thing how is that goin' ?
(ashamed) mother i am so sorry i lied to you about being married#(shaking head) lied to his mother (tsk tsk noise)
(defeated moan)#(leans over then slyly) you know what you could do apu
yeah shut up#you could fake your own death
oh would you shut up#all you need is a car bomb and
(raising glasses) to marge#moe what do you recommend for severe depression ?
well just twentyfour hours of freedom left#(checking watch chipper) actually it is more like twelve no i am so stupid seven it is seven hours you have seven hours (showing apu watch) see ? seven
(sad moan then singing dirgelike) "well i am hot blooded / check it and see / i have got a fever of a hundred and three"#c'mon you should not be spending your last hours of bachelorhood in a dump like this
c'mon you should not be spending your last hours of bachelorhood in a dump like this#you should be livin' like there is no tomorrow and i know just the place
you should be livin' like there is no tomorrow and i know just the place#ahh is this the life or what ?
can you believe it ? tradition forbids me even to speak to the woman i am about to spend my life with hmf has the whole world gone crazy ?#nah just your screwy country
(sigh) your old friend apu is a lamb being led to the slaughter#do not worry apu some day you will meet someone you really love
(staring out window) oof i am really doomed only the gods could stop this wedding now#(getting an idea) gods eh ?
dad those peanuts are not for you they are for the elephant#screw him
screw him#(scream) put me down ganesh commands you ohhohoho
(smiles then sweetly) got you#(screams) come on elephant put me down (several grunts) hey everyone seems upside down (laughs)
ext simpson car  continuous)#(singing) "up up and away in my beautiful my beautiful motor boattt" dadadadada
(skeptically) but we did not enter any police raffle#that does not matter the important thing is we won
i do not know there is something very peculiar about this#sheesh you are the most paranoid family i have ever been affiliated with
int police station  seconds later)#(confidently) i'd like a yellow boat please with extra motors
all right uh simpson homer you are next#woo hoo
woo hoo#howdy gents i am here to collect my free
howdy gents i am here to collect my free#ow ow my boating arm what is going on ?
ha i hope you brought your checkbook wise guy#(mumbling to himself) lousy cops lucky for you i am doubleparked or i'd (to cops) there now can i please have my motorboat ?
dad ? why are not you saying anything ? where is our motorboat ?#(snippy) i did not like it the mast had termites
why would a motorboat have a mast ?#because the thingee was shut up
hey they can not just build a parking lot on saber tooth meadow that is where they discovered all those fossils#fossils shmossils you can not stop progress 'cause of some moldy old bones bones shmones
(amid excited chatter) what is it ? / what ? / that is unbelievable / oh this is nice / wow#lemme through i got here late
lisa's right it is an angel#now that is interesting
oh we can work this out friends in the spirit of sharing what say we simply place the sacred bones in#so long suckers
int simpson house  upstairs hallway  later)#come on come on angel (grunts)
what are you doing with that ?#i am locking it up in my safe deposit closet with my other valuables
i am locking it up in my safe deposit closet with my other valuables#i will just leave it in here a few years and let it appreciate in value
it is probably a million years old dad i think it is as valuable as it is gonna get#pfft that is what they said about this billy beer smartypants
pfft that is what they said about this billy beer smartypants#(satisfied) ahh we elected the wrong carter
coming up next an hilarious "boat giveaway" scam nets springfield's dumbest criminals#(chuckles) sounds like goood watchin'
heyhey there marge just brought the kids over to share a prayer with the blessed angel if it is okay with you#(calling out) get your own angel ya moocher
sorry to trouble you but i am goin' in for surgery tomorrow and i wondered if i could rub the angel with my foot for good luck it is foot surgery#hey i am trying to eat here beat it pegleg
c'mon homer i just want a quick looksee pay ya a buck#a buck eh ? that gives me an idea
a buck eh ? that gives me an idea#fifty cents please
ahh here's dr gould now what were the results professor ?#(singing to "allelujah") heeere's the angel / seeee the angel / it is my angel / no one else's / next tooo the rakes
dad it is not fair to claim this thing is an angel there is no proof of that#no one's calling it an angel lisa if you will look carefully you will notice i never once used the word "angel"
what about that sign right there ?#that is a typo
just let me take it to the museum for one day they can do scientific tests and prove it is not an angel#(waving arms) oh no oh no we could lose out on bags and bags of money it is sacrilegious i tell ya
you did what ? / analysis ? / i do not like her#pfft facts are meaningless you can use facts to prove anything that is even remotely true facts shmacts
good stay there#okay folks (waves sticks) get your angel glow sticks no one gets into heaven without a glow stick
hey she is gonna smash the angel#(as lisa passes by) somebody stop her
(gasp) (mystified) it is gone#ohho no this can not be happening what the hell are we gonna do with ten thousand angel ashtrayyys ?
(helpfully) i could take up smoking#you damn well better
you damn well better#(panicky) okay okay do not panic marge stop panicking we need a replacement skeleton and we need it now (whirls) bart strip down to your skeleton
well it did not ride up on no zebra#look a message
look a message#(reading) "the end will come at sundown" heh heh heh heh (then) hey wait a second i do not like the sound of that
hardly anyone could have written that#(uneasily) oh angel listen not to this child of satan
uhm nah#(nervously) oh marge do not let go no matter what if they want you in heaven they gotta take me too
int simpson house  tv room  day)#ahh i love these lazy saturdays
it is wednesday homer#(short scream) work
(short scream) work#ahh i love these real saturdays they are so relaxing not like that fake saturday that almost got me fired
(sighs) is this all we are going to do today ?#(cheerful) absolutely (sucks kernel) (chokes briefly) (gasps for air) (repeats noises)
you know homer i am starting to realize life is short#(sits up surprised) it is ?
we have to make the most of the time we have#(worried) we do ?
otherwise we could wake up one day and realize we have wasted our whole lives#oh that (chuckles)
oh that (chuckles)#(a brief suckchokegasp sound) ah
(intrigued sound) friends of the library is holding an historic manuscript viewing#pfft friends of the library ?
(excited) ooo oo there is an azalea festival at the public garden#i went yesterday
(hurt murmur)#(off marge's hurt look) lenny really wanted to go
i am tired of being cooped up in this house all the time#(helpfully) open a window
(angry murmur)#(realizing) allll right i hear ya honey change into something nice we are steppin' out
(realizing) allll right i hear ya honey change into something nice we are steppin' out#(nostalgic) can you believe it ? it is already been a year
ext impound yard  moments later)#wow sweetheart look at all this seized booty we could find the drug boat of our dreams
i do not want a drug boat#(brightly) well i bet there is drug dresses and drug vacuum cleaners too
sold#woo hoo
you bought a car ? without consulting me ?#i do not recall being consulted when you bought that hat
i found this hat#then what are you complaining about ? you got yours (pats the seat invitingly) mmhmhm
(teeth clenched) homer be careful#oh yeah you have gotta be careful when you do a trick like this
(short scream) stop homer stop it let me out#you are the boss
i am not getting back in this car until you drive like a sane person#(quickly fading) okaybyeloveyou
geez this hotrod is souped up six ways from sunday never had you figured for a gearhead homer#(casual) oh yeah i am a real expert
what is that ? a sixbarrel hollye carb ?#you betcha
edelbrock intakes#nothin' but
meyerhof lifters#oh yeah
i made that last one up#(keeping dignity) i see
selling real estate could be just what i am looking for i'd really like to give it a try#i do not know marge trying is the first step toward failure
("and that ain't all") "they back your baaaannk"#(dismissive) you are all nuts
oh thank you bart thank you lisa for all your help#what about me ? you did not thank me
you did not do anything#i like being thanked
(terrified) ah dad does not this car have seat belts ?#(scoffing) seat belts ? pfft they kill more people than they save
wow / your own billboard / check it out#gee that picture makes your butt look big
works for the lumber king#lumber we need lumber
ext street  day  simultaneous)#hey skinner wanna drag race ?
(shakes head) my high school sweetheart was killed in a drag racing accident#(rolls eyes) come on it will be fun
that is what debbie sue said#come on you stupid car you get goin'
int simpson house  kitchen  that night)#(angry grumble) lousy doormat
(shrugs) ah so you do not have that killer instinct big deal#yeah honey even if you do not succeed in the business world you are still the world's greatest wife and mother
well i can too compete and i am going to sell a house end of story#kids your mother's under a lot of pressure why do not we let her clear the table in peace ?
hoho okay baldy boy hits wire head comes off li'l bandit rolls to a gentle stop everybody wins#man the air feels good on my neck
man the air feels good on my neck#ooo gumball
ext flanders house  yard  that afternoon)#(impressed) wow honey you sold a house and got rid of the flanders what is for dinner ?
well neighborinos i guess this is goodbye (sad noise) i better make this quick or i am gonna start blubbering like a baby#(flatly) yeah me too let me know if you need any help
uh now that you mention it we could use#it was just an expression
so long / goodbye / good luck#(shudders) that old flanders place gives me the creeps
ext street  a few minutes later)#(singing) "my name is luka / i live on the second floor"
(singing) "my name is luka / i live on the second floor"#(short scream)
gimme my car fatty#(short grunt) this is my car and i am not fat it is glandular
ext road  simultaneous)#stop it
ow#(punching) you are
ow#going
ow#down
ow#punk
whoa this is sooo dangerous#yeah you are right
(to marge dazed) uh marge ? still got that deposit check ?#(woozy) oh oh wow lucky thing we landed on this bubble wrap
still it would have been nice to bring home at least one paycheck#(patting her shoulder) oh you will honey you will
ext springfield streets  day)#(grunts) stupid heater do not make me come in there
(over pounding) why do you always wait until christmas eve to do your shopping ? the crowds are just beastly#(cavalierly) you know me marge i crave the hustle and bustle
homer look at this mob the good toys are probably all gone#(chuckles) oh santa's got a little trick up his sleeve
(chuckles) oh santa's got a little trick up his sleeve#(into microphone) attention shoppers register 9 is now open for your shopping convenience
(into microphone) attention shoppers register 9 is now open for your shopping convenience#sorry these are for display only this has been recalled oo bart would like this we are out of these
out ? but i just #(into microphone pleasant) register 9 is now closed
(horrified screams)#(upbeat tangled in wire) c'mon kids let's try the lights
homer i think i heard a noise#(death moolike snoring)
(soft breathing)#(annoyed) knock it off
(stunned) what happened ?#what the (whimpers) where is christmas ? lisa where is christmas ?
i know#(sobbing gulps  la bart) can  we  skip  church ? (sobs)
what ? you can not rule it out#well there is no easy way to say it kids god hates us
hey why do not we walk over to grampa's and cheer up the old folks ? that'll make us feel better#(groans) okay but they will have to be pretty damn miserable to make me happy
(appreciative) looks like the flanders are having a nice christmas#oh yeah ? we will show 'em come on kids pretend we have got new crosscountry skis
merry christmas simpsons (chuckles)#that is not as fun as it looks
int retirement castle  tv room  later)#lisa you promised they'd be miserable what the hell's goin' on ?
sounds like you are having a rough christmas homer you know what i blame this on the breakdown of ? society#(drunk) yeah you are right moe you are always moe
homer look your house is on tv#(pissed) you take that back barney
nah he is right homer#stay out of this old man
no my husband is at church#(intoxicated smile) aw that is my girl i love you marjorie
yeah she is quite a gal#(threatening) you shut up
absolutely devastated (turns to camera) "absolutely devastated" the words of a heartbroken mother for there will be no fire truck for little bart no sweater for little lisa no cajun sausage for little homer#(pained noise)
homer you will not believe what is happened it is a miracle#oh marge i do not wanna hear any more about that silver polish
does anyone have change for a button ?#wow this really restores your faith in
wow this really restores your faith in#(momentarily lashing out) lisa do you have to practice that stupid song now ?
hey heard some nogoodnik stole your tree well we got a 30 footer so you can have the top of ours#(sincerely) thanks ted
hey speak for yourself#marge kids let's go buy some happiness
int kliff's kar chalet  later)#is this car $15000 ? (shows cash)
it is now and because of your loss folks i will throw in the undercoating for two hundred  nooo four hundred and ninety bucks#what a deal i'd be a sucker not to get it
(sotto groan) will this christmas never end ?#outta my way snowpoke
slow down homer#do not worry honey i know exactly what i am 
do not worry honey i know exactly what i am #oopsie
(yelling at once) hit the brakes / floor it / stop / to the left / head back#(as car continues to skid) shut up one at a time lisa ?
(relieved sigh) that was close#(groans) i knew this would happen
why you little#lisa no your hands are too weak
stop that#(amid scuffling noises) i am gonna kill you / no i am killing him first / why you little bart the next time you ever have / you went too far
folks any words for the christmas thief if he is watching ?#(stiffly) (searching noise) yes kent (facing camera) "hello jerk we may never find you and we should probably all stop looking but one thing's for sure you do exist"
(gasps) little lisa's sweater ? little homer's sausage ? what in the name of holy hell is going on here ?#oh it is true we weren't robbed that part we made up but the rest is true (cries)
(convinced) so the family never knew about any of this#(helping) well the boy told us but that was after we filed a phony police report
(cont'd laughing)#relax marge this'll all blow over
ext krusty burger  that evening)#oh no look at the line
ha#head of the line a family could get used to being shunned (selling) huh ? huh ?
int power plant  lunch room  day)#(muted through helmet) run for your lives everyone this is not a drill
(reading) "you will all get yours in hell you lying thieving (clears throat) blanking blankers sincerely moe"#oh great now we have to send him a card
i know you are used to getting hate mail but i am not#there is only one way out we have gotta give this greedy town its money back
ext evergreen terrace  soon after)#oh no there is that angry mob again
(to otto) if you are headin' for the medicine cabinet i already been there#(to moe) what the hell's goin' on ?
yeah plus lots of other stuff#(sagely) maybe so but there is one thing they forgot to take away from us (reaching out of frame then reverent) this washcloth
hey that is my washcloth#the hell it is
the hell it is#gimme that / uh gimme that / no / let go / gimme that my washcloth / i want it
besides it is mine yoink (laughs)#hey she is getting away with the washcloth
she is going around the other side now get her#go (laughs)
go (laughs)#(amid bart and lisa's yelling and laughing) oh i got it oh it is just a thread it was she is got she is got the washcloth
we got the popcorn did you get "waiting to exhale ?"#well they put us on the "waiting to exhale waiting list" but they said do not hold your breath
did you get "emma ?" did you get "emma ?" did ya ? did ya ? did ya ? huh ?#whoa whoa calm down little ladytake it easytake it easy (laughs) no
(threateningly) what did you get ?#something very close exactly along those linesa clint eastwood  lee marvin shoot 'em up western
(putting in tape) so prepare yourself for the bloody mayhem and unholy carnage of joshua logan's "paint your wagon"#with blood i bet
(singing) they are gonna paint that wagon / they are gonna paint it good / they ain't braggin' / they are gonna coat that wood#(short scream) they are singing they are singing marge why are not they killing each other ?
yeah their guns are right there#wait wait wait here comes lee marvin thank god he is always drunk and violent
he is dreamy#(continuing to comb his hair) bart
(continuing to comb his hair) bart#ooh why did they have to screw up a perfectly serviceable wagon story with all that fruity singing ?
i thought it was toetappin' fun#singing is the lowest form of communication
homer you sing all the time#no i do not i hate to rhyme
you like musicals do not you dad ?#(singing not realizing) no i do not i think they are bad / they are fake and phoney and totally wrong
(singing) wake up dad / you are singing a song#(singing) i would not / i could not / i hate that stuff
(singing) it is a desperate criminal / on the run from the law / please spare my children#(singing) and their damptrousered pa
(singing) a singing family it is worse than i feared / for hostage purposes / you are just too weird / bye#(whiny singing) see ? all this singing scared him away / if we just talked like normal he'd probably stay
(singing) i am back so resume wetting your pants#(small voice) okay
(singing) because of you all i got a tune in my head / and the only way to stop it is to make you all dead#(disgusted noise) i knew i should've shut that window
(singing) uhoh i will be back when i get some ammo / bye#(groaning/singing) even the criminals are beginning to croon
(singing) we can not even get any local laws passed / without everyone singing like a big broadway cast#(singing) all right marge you have convinced me there are more terrible things / than musical comedies where everyone sings
done done#and not a moment too soon
(grunts) come onnn you have to go outside to do your (lower) business#the experts say that if you want an animal to do something you should do it yourself first to show him how
i am not going to the bathroom in the backyard#(snort) sorreee your majesty
(continuing) ding ding ding ding ding#(racing through) icecreammanice creamman
looks like somebody's gonna have to do some yard #(excited) it is carnival time
(excited) it is carnival time#here's money kids take what you need
oh boy / all right free money / wow#ding ding ding ding
ext carnival  later  establishing)#oo oo i want to see lobster boy and shrimp girl
(delighted screams followed by pained screams repeat)#oo oo me first
you can not go on that you have a heart condition#heart condition ? get outta here
you had a quadruple bypass you nearly died do not you remember ?#obviously i do not now if you will get out of my way
none taken#(offended) he is not just some "guy" marge he is a carny and part of a noble tradition carnies built this country the carnival part of it anyway and though they may be ratlike in appearance they are truly kings among men
(motioning to ride) okay let's go fatty#(saluting) yes sir
(delighted screams followed by pained screams)#ow my heart
see any pigeons yet dad ?#(humming mindlessly) do do do do do
(to homer) how 'bout you lucky#(bobbing head pigeonlike) who me ?
ooh almost rats too hard oh that was close wow what a scam#sorry son daddy failed
(sympathetic) oh listen pal i gotta son of my own here#(sniffle touched) a novelty comb kings among men
not so fast pardner you owe me some money#hey come on he does not have any money look at his clothes
at the carnival ? cool#hey that is not fair i wanna be a carny too can i mister ? huh ? can i ? please ?
i do not know you gonna get drunk and start a lot of trouble ?#sure anything you want
(waving stick) hey you lost your money fair and square i did not scam nobody#(good natured) ohho put down your stick we are here to work
(aside) aw now do not worry that is just to scare off thieves#hmm
hmm#(tasting noise) (confirming) yeah he is telling the truth
(tasting noise) (confirming) yeah he is telling the truth#thanks for the food mister
ext power plant  later)#(awed) did ya hear that bart ? the carny code (short beat) bart did you hear that ?
ah there you are you two ready to work ?#yes sir
so what is our first job huh ? test the roller coaster ?#fry up some cheese ?
ohh this is not fun (to horse) maybe if you did not go to the bathroom so much you would not be so small#(pleading) please folks hold your fire the water level is dangerously low oh
(pleading) please folks hold your fire the water level is dangerously low oh#(annoyed grunt) ohhohoho ow my leg
go on give it a try and remember big smiles#oh bart ?
yeah dad ?#do i like chicken ?
does it matter ?#(resigned) i guess not
dad we are saved#(muffled sound then) buddy you are the luckiest chicken in the world
(demonstrating) ya see the trick here is the rings will not fit over the good prizes#oh we will see about that (whipping out cash) gimme ten rings
well we gotta git here's the money box (hands it to homer) uh any questions ?#ah yes how do we handle refunds ?
good move#gimme ten rings
lookie lookie hey hey wocka wocka i got rings and you want 'em win a genuine ronex watch just like a real moogie star#(slyly to bart) hey there is a sucker
we are natural born carnies dad if only we weren't tied down with a family#yeah we could start our own game where people throw ducks at balloons and nothing's the way it seems
but i got a few complaints that your game is crooked#(chuckles agreeing) and how
gee i'd hate to close you down maybe we can reach a little ah "understanding" here#(a beat does not understand) i understand
um hey dad i i think he wants a#not right now son daddy's talking to a policeman
uh let me put it this way i am looking for my friend "bill" have you seen any "bills" around here ?#(looks around) no (helpfully) he is bart
(frustrated sigh) listen carefully and watch me wink as i speak okay ? (winking)#okay
the guy i am really looking for wink is mr "bribe" wink wink#(happily) it is a ring toss game
(losing patience) all right that is it i am shutting this game down#well ain't that somethin'
(gasps)#i was trying to but the opportunity never came up
(crushed) oh good lord our whole life was in that trailer what are we gonna do now ?#can not you stay in the whackamole game ?
(pained noise)#look at 'em bart if a carny can wind up homeless it can happen to anyone
i am goin' for a corn dog you want one ?#yes but first there is a little matter of the carny code
yes but first there is a little matter of the carny code#cooder spud get off that hog you are coming to stay at our house
(annoyed) how long are those roustabouts going to be staying here ?#oh it will not be long once their resume gets out they will have all kinds of offers the older one can pull out his left eye
ooo what a nice surprise this is so generous of you cooder#(low) now who is the filthy sleezebag uh marge ?
ext simpson house  front door)#that is weird the key does not fit
what is going on ?#(pounding on door) cooder what have you done to our house ?
(gasp) they are squatting in our house ?#you can not do this to me what about the carny code ?
int springfield police station  a few minutes later)#carnies took over our house you have gotta help us
well well look who is here mr no bribe sure we will help ya just sit down and wait for detective likeigiveadamn#(sincere) thank you so much
(sincere) thank you so much#honey daddy's waiting for the detective
that urkle's a hoot#(bitterly) listen to 'em watching my television sittin' on my couch (yelling) you better not be in my assgroove
homer#(to marge) it took me years to forge that groove
ext treehouse  sunrise  establishing)#good morning everybody
homer#stupid gravity
no fires#(getting idea) i have got it
no fires#(moans)
there must be a way to outsmart them#aw you can not outsmart carnival folk they are the cleverest folk in the world just look at the way they sucker regular folk with those crooked games (dawning) (gasp) that is it fire (off marge's glare) or
ext simpson house  front door  moments later)#i have got a proposition for you cooder
yeah i am listenin'#one game of ring toss if i can throw this hula hoop onto the chimney you will give us our house back if i miss i will sign the deed over to you
so we'd own the house legit ?#that is right
oh i can not watch#now
way to go dad you actually outwitted someone#yeah i guess your old man is smarter than you thought
yeah i guess your old man is smarter than you thought#(cocky) look at 'em standing out there no place to go heh heh (suddenly sympathetic) poor guys hey what if we let 'em stay here for just a few days ?
(patting sofa cushion) homer#(excited) my groove
(excited) my groove#(moan) they mushed it all out of shape
(moan) they mushed it all out of shape#all right better put on a pot of coffee marge this could take a while
all right better put on a pot of coffee marge this could take a while#(grunts and makes putting the groove back in the couch noises) come on now just a little more little more to the left to the left there (grunts) what did he do this thing ? (grunts) almost(grunts) ahhhhhhhhh
thanks for lettin' me skip school to see the team come back from the championship dad#i always say a boy can learn more at an airport than he can at any school
have you heard of krishna consciousness ?#(pointing right in krishna's face) this bart is a crazy man
do unto others as you would have them do unto you#(sarcastic) right that'll work
a new and better life awaits you on our distant home planet blisstonia#(genuinely interested) hmm makes sense
we are having a free getacquainted session at our resort this weekend#how much is this free resort weekend ?
it is free#and when is this weekend ?
it is this weekend#uh huh and how much does it cost ?
um it is free#i see and when is it ?
it is this weekend#and what are you charging for this free weekend ?
c'mon dad the team's arriving#(calling back) it is free right ?
no we do not mother#who cares what it is ? the point is these are some decent generous people that i can take advantage of
but what if they try to talk us into something ?#(condescending) marge marge marge remember when those smoothtalking guys tried to sell me a timeshare vacation condo ?
you bought four of them thank god the check bounced#(point made) so i beat the system
watch yourself dad you are the highly suggestible type#yes i am the highly suggestible type
welcome brother#outta my way jerk ass (hits horn)
outta my way jerk ass (hits horn)#(singing to "batman" theme) na na na na na na na na fishing / na na na na na na na na fishing / fishing fishing
hi how are y#(finishing song) fishing
it certainly is a beautiful day we should thank the leader#(barely interested) who the hell is that ? some kind of leader ?
why do not you come chat with us about the leader at the welcome center#will there be beer ?
beer is not allowed#homer no function beer well without
would you rather have beer or complete and utter contentment ?#(beat) what kind of beer ?
the leader knows how miserable you marge lisa bart and maggie are#really ? i am surprised about maggie
just come up and watch our orientation film you are free to leave at anytime#wow a free movie thanks outta my way jerk ass
wow a free movie thanks outta my way jerk ass#(good naturedly) whoa you have got my number on that one buddy this is a smart group
and your stink brings tears to my eyes#now wait a minute moe 
(trancelike) the leader is perfect#wait  i am confused about the movie so the cops knew that internal affairs was setting them up ?
what are you talking about ? there is nothing like that in there#well you see when i get bored i make up my own movie i have a very short attention span
but our point is very simple you see when #ooh look a bird (giggles)
yeah lose some weight / amen you are fat / morontype (etc)#uh yeah i guess i could lose a few pounds and i can be kind of thick sometimes (good natured laugh)
you have failed at everything you have ever tried#oh my mistake
he even ate mine#you gonna finish that bony ?
(getting an idea) or(singing to "batman" theme) na na na na na na na na leader / na na na na na na na na leader#na na na na na na na na leader / na na na na na na na na leader / leader leader leader
na na na na na na na na leader / na na na na na na na na leader / leader leader leader#(singing) batman / i mean leader i love the leader
(singing) batman / i mean leader i love the leader#act ii
you what ?#come again marge ?
you what ?#i have joined the movementarians and so have all of you
we what ?#all i had to give them was our life savings the deed to the house and a commitment of ten trillion years of labor
i can not go along with this homer#marge when i join an underground cult i expect a little support from my family
dad do you think you might have been brainwashed ?#i have not been brainwashed (trance like) kill the girl kill the girl
homer#what ? what did i say ?
(groan)#of course not except that we are all moving to the movementarian agricultural compound to be near the leader and serve him
(friendly laugh) oh yes you are i am afraid it is our home now this house will become the new local welcome center for this district#and it did not cost us a dime
homer simpson your family will be housed here for the first 100000 years then something might open up in a double#hah why even unpack ?
yeah maybe it will wear off like his interest in cb radio#(calling out trucker style) that is a negatory good buddy
oh lord uh try the emergency plate ned#see marge ? our lives are so much better now
(gasp) the leader / he is coming / the leader is coming / the leader / etc#oh boy we get to see the leader pass by
we toil in the fields and he rides around in a rolls royce ?#yes it would be nice if he'd buy american but what are ya gonna do ?
oh look who the new pet is#(teary) i have never been so happy
this is ridiculous we are already married#but marge we are not mass married
int movementarian compound  barracks  night)#these lima beans are even better than the ones we had for breakfast and lunch (gasp) oh a lima bean that looks just like the leader i will put it with the others
yaaay here comes the leader#(in awe) what an honor we have been called into the presence of 
int rolls royce  continuous)#marge ? you are the leader ? you do not look anything like the beans
knock 'im out reverend#(various pain noises)
(in homer's face) all right now what is so allfired great about your fancypants leader ?#the leader knows all and sees all
(intrigued) eww well that is impressive#and he is going to take us to a wonderful new planet
uh maybe we should take a little breakarooney huh ? anyone like a draft beer ?#(quietly) beer ?
homer you do not have to go with them#but i want to go
he is our husband now#i am glad i am back (turning) because the moment that sweet sweet beer hit my tongue i was born again
hallelujah#now i can show all of you what i have come to realize the reason we are not allowed in the forbidden barn is because there is no intergalactic spaceship he is taken our money just so he canbuild one hell of a spaceship
homer simpson because of your lack of faith you have ruined mankind's chance for salvation#whoops
int simpson house  living room  next day)#to think i turned to a cult for mindless happiness when i had beer all along
(clears throat)#and you marge the bringer of beer
whoa cool god is so inyourface#(eating popcorn) yeah he is my favorite fictional character
(reluctant) oh all right you can stay up late tonight but tomorrow everyone's going to bed at five o'clock#woo hoo
aw those poor badgers are soaked#quiet god looks like he has something important to say
(gasp) oh my goodness that was a long movie it is time for school let's go let's go#(into phone) i can not make it in today mr smithers i have smallpox well it wasn't wiped out in my house
ext simpson house  front lawn  simultaneous)#water bill third notice jury duty third notice mortgage bill (pleased) ooh second notice
water bill third notice jury duty third notice mortgage bill (pleased) ooh second notice#(puzzled) flancrest enterprises ?
(from his mailbox) oops (chuckle) that is for me flancrest enterprises is my home business#you liar you do not have a home business why would you make up a lie like that ?
nohoho it is true maude and i sell religious hook rugs over the internet#(intrigued) internet eh ?
yes indeedy makin' some good scratch too#(intrigued) scratch eh ?
yep#maude eh ?
homer what are you doing ?#no time to answer that marge i am setting up a home office for my new business enterprise
what business enterprise ?#(condescending) ever heard of a little thing called the internet ?
internet eh ?#oh yeah everybody's making money off the internet except us we have fallen behind way behind
is that my good butter ?#can not discuss that now marge i have to write another delicious memo
can not discuss that now marge i have to write another delicious memo#mmm memo (gurgling sound)
int simpson house  homer's office  a little later)#(moan) what am i gonna call my internet company ? all the good names are taken oh wait i have got it (proudly) flancrest enterprises (runs finger down list then annoyed grunt)
(carefully) what exactly is it your company does again ?#uh this industry moves so fast it is really hard to tell that is why i need a name that is cutting edge like cutco or edgecom interslice come on marge  you are good at these help me out
(giving in sound) how about compuglobal hypermeganet ?#(indifferent) fine it is not important what really matters is my title i think i will make myself (proudly) vice president no wait junior vice president
(indifferent) fine it is not important what really matters is my title i think i will make myself (proudly) vice president no wait junior vice president#(into phone) compuglobal hypermeganet junior vice president homer simpson speaking how may i direct your call ?
(into phone) compuglobal hypermeganet junior vice president homer simpson speaking how may i direct your call ?#it is patty
int simpson house  homer's office  day)#welcome to the internet my friend how can i help you ?
will you be able to provide an ip router that is compatible with my tokenring ethernet lan configuration ?#(beat) can i have some money now ?
int simpson house  homer's office  day)#ooo they have the internet on computers now
homer bill gates is here#(stunned) bill gates ? billionaire computer nerd bill gates ? (panicky) oh my god oh my god get out of sight marge i do not want this to look like a twobit operation
mr simpson ?#you do not look so rich
do not let the haircut fool you i am exceedingly wealthy#(loud whisper) get a load of the bowl job marge
your internet ad was brought to my attention but i can not figure out what if anything compuglobal hypermeganet does so rather than risk competing with you i have decided simply to buy you out#(hushed excitement) this is it marge i poured my heart and soul into this business and now it is finally paying off we are rich richer than astronauts
(sotto) homer quiet you will queer the deal#(softly) oh right (somberly to gates) i reluctantly accept your proposal
well everyone always does "buy him out" boys#hey what the hell's going on ?
what do we need church shoes for ? jesus wore sandals#well maybe if he had better arch support they would not have caught him
(murmur getting rid of him) look homer there is that bird you like to argue with#well well well if it is not professor knowitall 'scuse me marge
hey if you did not wanna tie shoes you should not a become a shoe salesman#that is where you are wrong pal
that is where you are wrong pal#(pointing for emphasis) it is not enough to want a cracker you have to earn it
excuse me sir ? do you like to laugh ?#why yes yes i do
well then you will love our comedy festival it is for a good cause#a rest home for pirates ?
(reading pamphlet) no dad it is to fight soil erosion#(committed) now that is a fight i wanna be a part of
i finally got around to reading the dictionary turns out the zebra did it#i do not get it
dad the zebra did not do it it is just a word at the end of the dictionary#i still do not get it
(exasperated) it is just a joke#oh i get it (not getting it) i get jokes (laughs)
plus i got this new boyfriend and you know how it is when you are kissing a guy with a tongue stud#(cracking up and pounding table) yes yes oh god yes
'bout time gimme those reviews#take that marge
dad#woop sorry son i did not know you jay leno and a monkey were bathing a clown
thank you thank you and now the all new comedy stylings of krrrusty the clown#oooh oh krusty
uhh what about 2 cent stamps ? pizza pie's very hot these days uh can not open pickle jars no mail on sunday out of paper towels (spotting something good) oh oh oh what is the deal with cardboard ?#booo
me too#(stiffly) i also have to go (as he exits) booo
int simpson house  tv room  continuous)#(chuckling) krusty's gone nuts
(reading sign) four drink minimum ?#(pats stomach) i will cover ya honey
so i am watchin' tv today#(clapping) woo tv yeah
(various) yeah / right on krusty / you tell 'em#(with crowd) impeach churchill
it is my allowance mother and i will burn it the way i want#take that you greedy fat cats (to marge) marge gimme your purse
int simpson car  a little later)#(laughs) from now on i am gonna be just like krusty and tell it like it is (laughs) marge you are gettin' a little fat around the old thighs
dad#you too bart
oh knock it off homer you are the fattest one in the car#(sad) you did not have to tell it like it is marge
(to homer) i brought a bag of money in case he wants us to burn it again#i hope he tells us to burn our pants these things are drivin' me nuts
oooo / what did you do ? / (laughs)#(calling out) do not you hate pants ?
ow bart that has nuts in it#hey i thought your mother told you to take a bath
yeah mom says a lot of things#aw i understand kids i am not a bath man myself  more of a cologne man
actually we can not take a bath anyway the water heater is broken#do not worry daddy'll fix it
do not worry daddy'll fix it#hmmm
hmmm#outta my way she is gonna blow
what on earth   ?#(rushed) hi sweetie i am off to moe's love ya
int moe's tavern  later that afternoon)#(toasting) to marge and all the blissful years i have spent hiding from her in this bar
yeah big deal you got a wife i got a rash who cares ? (off homer's hurt look) ech i am sorry homer it is just it is been four years since my last date with a whatchacallit uh woman#whatever happened to your mail order bride ?
ah she got homesick for her old life diving for tourist pennies in a micronesian swamp#so her career got in the way
yeah i do not blame her (looking in mirror) no girl wants to end up with a joe pukepail like me#now now i will not hear of it moe you are a fabulous catch
now now i will not hear of it moe you are a fabulous catch#(triumphant laugh) he thought he was gonna steal (annoyed grunt)
(snort) yeah well uh how come i ain't fendin' off movie starlets with a pointy stick ?#oh it is probably due to your ugliness but that does not mean we can not find you a woman come on we are goin' to the darkest bar in town
ah i do not know homer women can smell panic and uh right now i gotta be reekin' of it#relax all i smell is garlic and fish
it is all yours#okay i will not lie to you a lot of people saw that but you gotta keep tryin'
(sarcastic) no i am in love with you#hey do not give up moe the girl of your dreams has gotta be in some bar
i like a face with character#let's get out of here moe this is goin' nowhere
(jubilant) who cares ? you are goin' out with me (laughs) she is going out with me cat#stop kissing that cat and get in the car
so renee it looks like you have taken quite a shine to moe (tactful) do you mind if i ask why ?#(embarrassed) maarrge
but he is really grown on me he is got this insecure sweaty charm#oh yeah i got that
(sigh) well that is it it is all over renee ain't gonna wanna hang around with no joe pinchpenny#aw come on moe think of all you have to offer besides money
(distraught) ah homer what am i gonna do ? renee's my last chance for true love#if you really need money you could sell a kidney or maybe even your car
nah my car ain't worth nothin' (getting an idea) but it is insured for five grand homer i need your help you gotta steal this car and wreck it for me#steal ? oh no you got the wrong guy
steal ? oh no you got the wrong guy#(awkwardly) you dropped somethin'
c'mon homer i am one of your dearest friends when everybody said you were too drunk to drive that time who gave you your keys ?#(warily) oh you did but  i still do not know i can just imagine what marge would say
homer i insist you steal that car#(firmly) i will do it
okay here's the plan (placing on bar) this model car represents my car huh ? and this olive is you now#mmmm me
listen up here tomorrow night at eight you go down to the waterfront and you "steal" my car#what about the cops ?
that is the beauty part every cop in town's gonna be on the police department's moonlight charity cruise and i am gonna be right there with 'em#so as soon as you get back we steal the car right ?
wham the insurance company pays off five thousand clams i keep showing renee the sweet life#you are a genius moe all your troubles will soon be over for a couple months
(casually) why all the black ?#(defensively) why all the pearls ? why all the hair ? why anything ?
you look a little nervous dad#no you look a little nervous lisa
you are up to something are not you ?#(standing up) no i am just going out to commit certain deeds
(standing up) no i am just going out to commit certain deeds#suckers
ext springfield docks  cruise parking lot  later)#(naughty giggles) i am gonna be the best car thief ever
(naughty giggles) i am gonna be the best car thief ever#hey oh no you do not
ext springfield outskirts  10 minutes later)#(singing loudly to tune of "sailing sailing") "stealing stealing / stealing a car for moe / dada dada dada dada / insurance fraud today"
(singing loudly to tune of "sailing sailing") "stealing stealing / stealing a car for moe / dada dada dada dada / insurance fraud today"#they are showing "hail to the chimp" oh i have time to see one little movie
(pained cries) get off me mr president#(chuckling) that is what you get for not hailing to the chimp
ext drivein  simultaneous)#(panicked) oh no the train
ext railroad crossing  a few seconds later)#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#i gotta find another way to wreck moe's car
ext cliff overlooking springfield harbor  simultaneous)#homer you genius (chuckles)
homer you genius (chuckles)#geronimo
geronimo#huh ?
ext midair  continuous)#(screams)
ext harbor  ocean surface  continuous)#(screams)
(screams)#(muted screams)
(muted screams)#(watery screams)
you are under arrest simpson  for grand theft auto now put up your hands#(sinking scream)
homer did you really steal a car ?#(excited) whoa hang on a minute the guard said i have visitors coming
dad we are the visitors#(hiding his disappointment) oh oh oh oh great listen i know it looks bad but all i can tell you is i destroyed that car for all the right reasons
(hesitantly) i'd like to believe you#that is my girl you just go home and do not worry your pretty blue head about it moe will take care of everything
well dad in the meantime here's a carton of smokes you can use to buy stuff#aw thanks boy i will give you two packs for that candy bar
three#why you little
pssst homer homer wake up#moe oh moe thank god you are here
yeah congratulations homer the plan worked perfectly#but i am in jail
yeah yeah that is that is a kick in the pants#moe you gotta get me outta here tell the cops i did not steal the car say you lent it to me
yeah i wish i could homer but if i change my story they are gonna throw me in here#(sadly) but moe we are best friends
ohh cripes the puppydog look (sighs) all right all right i will use the money to bail you out#(pleading) hurry moe at three o'clock they are going to put us in the exercise yard (grabs moe terrified) the exercise yard
ten minutes till fresh air and exercise#(panicked whimper) hurry up moe for the love of god hurry up
hawaii here we come (singing) "i nanakuli makou 'ai ana o na uluwahi hawaii"#hawaii ? what about hawaii ? moe ? who is going to hawaii ? am i going to hawaii ?
hey stop saying hawaii in there#let me out i am innocent i changed my mind i do not want to be in here anymore
forget it simpson you are going to the chair#(gasps)
the interrogation chair#(relieved sigh)
plug it in boys#(gasps)
would you care for some reading material ?#hmm this could be useful
ext springfield streets  sidewalk  a little later)#(pushing ominous) must kill moe (riding gleeful) wheeeeee (pushing ominous) must kill moe (riding gleeful) wheeeeee
int moe's tavern  continuous)#(murderously) you
homer thank god you gotta help me here#ohho i will help you help you die (attack yell)
oh boy uh i really wanna sleep#i also sleep g'night mommy
oh homer i been the world's biggest rat can you ever forgive me ?#ohh i could never stay mad at you moe (sincerely) after all (tearfully) you get me drunk
(watching fire) aww ah my poor bar it is all gone (quiet sobbing)#(puts arm around moe) aw moe moe moe dry those beady little eyes your buddy homer'll get you back on your feet
(all business) kids from now on i do not want you touching anything in our house (then) dart#woo hoo
more comin'#um i am looking for something in an afterdinner burrito
you will have it in fortyfive seconds sir#(impatient) oh forget it
(to homer) to pass the time please enjoy this novelty pen#(turning pen curiously) well why would i want to look at a pen with a (gasp) oh no her clothes are coming off (impressed) heh heh hey you know who would love this ? men
(turning pen curiously) well why would i want to look at a pen with a (gasp) oh no her clothes are coming off (impressed) heh heh hey you know who would love this ? men#five four three two one liftoff
five four three two one liftoff#(appreciative shudder)
(calling) old man ? old ma (screams)#hey hey look a freezer man
wait a minute there is a note#(reading) "i have frozen myself so i may live to see the wonders of the future thaw me out when robot wives are cheap and effective ps please alter my pants as fashion dictates"
int simpson house  lisa's room  that night)#now you are swingin' honey
(charging noises)#that makes 22 to 16
hey lis wanna join us ?#(patting couch ominously) room for one more
(gamely) yeah huh huh huh maybe people got hurt#(realizing) hey yeah (chuckles)
and now a channel 6 editorial reply#boring
okay (calls out) makeup#boy seeing that stomach surgery made me hungry (calling out) marge we need five thousand cc's of snacks stat
relax lis dad and i always have a plan b#(munching)
(munching)#(mouth full) c'mon lisa join the family
i do not want to turn out that way#what way angel pie ?
lisa come on your tomato soup is getting a skin on top#(angry) fine she does not get her skin
(angry) fine she does not get her skin#(gulps)
i am getting worried about lisa she is been gone for hours#if i were her i'd be buying me a great big chocolate apology cake
i am supposed to talk to you about proposition 305#(bitter) moochin' war widows
beauty is all around us and not just in pageants and parlors you can find it in the swirl of galaxies or the swirl in the center of a sunflower#(standing up) that is a good idea let's go out for some frosty swirls
homer your daughter is pouring her heart out#we will tape it
(to camera) little girl  likes her brain what is your opinion ?#(scoffing) pff "simpson gene" somebody's got to set that girl straight and i know how to do it
(scoffing) pff "simpson gene" somebody's got to set that girl straight and i know how to do it#marge get me your address book four beers and my conversation hat
ext simpson house  front lawn  a moment later)#lisa it is me daddy your father i rounded up every simpson in the tricity area so i can prove to you there is nothing wrong with the simpson genes (pointing to relative) this is your greatuncle chet go ahead chet tell her what you do
(matteroffact) i run an unsuccessful shrimp company#(disappointed) oh (making the best) but you run it right ?
(proud) oh yeah#okay uh this is your second cousin stanley
uh i shoot birds at the airport#(to lisa selling) everybody hates birds right
(to lisa selling) everybody hates birds right#well uh you look pretty successful
you probably should've researched this first eh dad ?#(worried) what about you ?
my legs hurt#(giving up) oh lisa's right we are nothing but a big bunch of losers (to crowd) show is over folks go home
what about our five bucks ?#you get it after you leave now get out of here
wait a minute homer you did not ask everybody what about the women ?#(irritated) fine fine (to woman) what do you do (reads nametag) "dr simpson" ?
(relieved gasp) oh dad i have never been happier to be your daughter#oh well thanks honey remember there is nothing that says you can not be a simpson and a success
so wait a minute this means i am gonna be a failure ?#yes son (sweetly) a spectacular failure
me i smell a museum#yeah good things do not end with "eum" they end with "mania" or "teria" (beat) will there be beer ?
welcome to the knowledgeum i am troy mcclure you may remember me from such automated information kiosks as "welcome to springfield airport" and "where is nordstrom ?" while you are enjoying our hall of wonders your car (fading into distance) will unfortunately be subject to repeated breakins (inaudible mumble)#(alarmed) what'd he say ? what about my car ?
i wanna read the giant book#i am gonna try the sex education computer
int sexeducation pavilion  continuous)#(grunts) ovulate damn you ovulate
help she is touching my special area#(childlike excitement) then me and my friend were about to press it but the man said not to press it but we pressed it anyway and we ran and we hid in the giant tire oh yeah and my other friend was already there
(short beat) all right all right now you are overstimulated let's get some beer in you and then it is right to bed#woo hoo beer beer beer (indecipherable chant)
but people will see me paired up with a doofus you have no idea what that is like#uhoh (retracts head)
int simpson house  that evening)#"hi this is jerry maguire show me the message show me the message"
(sassy) "this is geraldine and the devil made me miss your call so here come de beep here come de beep" (cracks up laughing)#(singing to tune of "the hustle") "do the message da da da dada dada da da da da da dada dada da da"
ohh i found something all right (copious drooling)#(into machine) "da da da dada dada da da da da da dada dada da da da da da dada dada da da" (calmly) "after the beep"
but asking you was ralph's idea#you are the man ralph
did you just take a bite out of me ?#(mouth full crumbs around mouth) uh maybe
homer wake up it is time for our coffee break#yep i earned it
yep i earned it#mmmm donuts (drooling noise)
yeah and you drooled all over it ya#gentlemen there is only one solution we place this last donut in the reactor core exposing it to radiation thereby making it big
uh sir we have found the problem some idiot threw this in the reactor core#success
you did this ? how could you be so irresponsible ?#(lying weakly) it is my first day
oh really ? why did you think you could lie to me ?#it is my first day
int simpson house  living room  afternoon)#(moans) fired i can not believe it
"blackula" followed by "blackenstein" and the "blunch black of blotre blame"#ooh funky
but first this word#i have joined the naval reserve
after basic training you will only have to work one weekend a month and most of that time you are drunk off your ass#you know lisa i have taken a lot from this country maybe it is time i gave something back
are you thinking of joining the naval reserve ?#would you be proud of me ?
eh sort of#(heroically) then i will do it
just fill out this form and you are on your way to the reserve#there is a question that is crossed out
(uncomfortable) well due to a recent presidential order we are not allowed to ask that particular question#well i think i can make it out "are you a homosex"
for god's sake do not answer that i could go to jail#but i am not a h
(covering his ears) la la la la la la la i am not listening la la la la la la la la#nice fella i wonder if he is gay ?
homie i really do not think this navy thing is a good idea what if you get called into combat ?#not to worry honey we live in a highly technological age where fighting a war is as simple as turning off a light
we do not have a clapper#sorry can not hear you marge i am clapping
ext simpson house  night)#(pleasant) nightynight
int moe's  evening)#well guys i will not be seeing you for a while
and although my religion strictly forbids military service  what the hey i am in too#(touched) gee thanks guys this is just like "the deer hunter"
ext bus  depot  morning)#see ya in a week
good luck dad although i am morally opposed to the militaryindustrial complex of which you are now a part#aw that is sweet honey i will bring you back a hat
hey homer bring me back a torpedo#no
but flanders got his kids torpedoes#oh he did did he ? i will show him i will bring you a weapon of unimaginable destructive power
homer#but only if you are good (sotto with a wink) even if you are not
int navy barber shop)#no way man my hair is who i am
no way man my hair is who i am#(moans) i am a freak
int barracks  night)#what the ?
tuck in that shirt  shine those shoes mister  oh for the love of #uh a seagull took my sailor hat
all right simpson i do not like you and you do not like me #(nicely) i like you
(frustrated) um all right you like me but i do not like you#(nice) maybe you would like me if you got to know me
what are you a comedian ?#well i am no margaret cho but i do a pretty fair columbo impression ah one more thing  (clears throat) one (clears throat) i should get a glass of water
ext pier)#there the perfect sheepshank
very nice simpson but next time (angrily) tie the other end to the ship#( la charles nelson reilly) ulll
int homer and marge's bedroom  night)#request permission to come aboard
(sexy) permission granted (giggles)#(hums "cavalry bugle charge") marge
stop laughing at me#you know marge joining the reserves was the best thing i ever did i feel good about myself i am helping my country and later i am gonna get gilligan's autograph
i am so proud of you homie#then i will whomp him with my hat (laughs)
hello everybody (cupping ear) sparkle sparkle#bart
(excited) milhouse jumped off a cliff ? i am there#get back here boy
get back here boy#you are a disgrace to this family and its proud naval tradition
well i am keeping this earring and you can not stop me#(sighs) i always thought lisa would be the one to get her ears pierced
(hopeful) can i ?#no
next weekend we are having our annual war games now simpson because of your many years as a nuclear technician we are putting you on a nuclear sub#(condescending) nucuelar it is pronounced nucuelar
be careful dad#oh lisa it is just war games it is not like a game could hurt me
oh lisa it is just war games it is not like a game could hurt me#damn you rock'em sock'em robots can not we all just get along ?
are you sure you will be okay ?#(reassuring) we have orders not to fire on anybody but greenpeace
(reassuring) we have orders not to fire on anybody but greenpeace#well i guess that is everyone (grim) except earringboy
come on dad did not you ever do anything wild when you were a kid ?#well when i was ten i got my ear pierced (angrily) but this is completely different
(clears throat) i am a man of few words (short beat) any questions ?#(worried) uh is the poopdeck really what i think it is ?
(laughs) i like the cut of your jib#what is a jib ?
(to officers) you hear that ? the whales are hungry#(whale sounds)
homer join us#(whale sounds) thank you
tell me young man what do you want out of life ?#i want peas
(chuckles) we all want peace but it is always just out of reach#(moans) uhhuh
so what is the best way to get peace ?#with a knife
exactly not with the olive branch but the bayonet ah simpson you are like the son i never had#and you are like the father i never visit
i will take care of it (sips wine) oh what the hell  simpson while i am gone you are in command#me ?
int bridge)#ooh comfy
(urgent) homer we have got an enemy sub closing in fast what do we do ?#(taken aback) i'unno
fifteen seconds to collision we need a decision#(serious) hmm what would the captain say in my spot ?
(scared) do not fire the torpedoes#fire the torpedoes
we are losing backup power#(off their looks) all right all right mellow out everybody the captain'll know what to do
(not happy) that means you are in charge homer#i am ?
(sighs) those were the orders#very well then i am a captain
very well then i am a captain#mr moe  steady as she goes
int ss jebediah bridge  night)#damage report mr moe
sonar out navigation out radio out#enough of what is out what is in ?
iceblended mocha drinks and david schwimmer#yes he is handsome in an ugly sort of way
captain how are we supposed to get home with no equipment ?#do not worry i have been working on it (thoughtful) hm yes uh huh carry the two
do not worry i have been working on it (thoughtful) hm yes uh huh carry the two#all right i can not waste any more time people's lives are depending on me (boldly) mr sulu  make a left
(sulu voice) aye aye captain setting course for rigel 7(covering) i mean home (nervous chuckle)#that is it left left steady as she goes
that is it left left steady as she goes#on second thought go right
on second thought go right#(annoyed grunt)
int ss jebediah  day)#oh my god we are all gonna die
oh my god we are all gonna die#y'ello
mayday mayday the engine room has sprung a leak it is filling up with a clear nonalcoholic liquid#you mean water ?
yeah that is it we have got a pinhole leak and there is no way to plug it#i guess that is it (to crew) ladies and gentlemen we are in a tough spot and i do not know if we are gonna get out please remain calm and think of your loved ones
sparkle sparkle#bart
dad the earring could plug the hole#(angry) i will plug your hole i mean eureka
(proudly) you saved us homer#mr moe prepare to surface
(on bullhorn) attention homer simpson you have ten seconds to explain your actions before we open fire#uhhh it is my first day
uhhh it is my first day#(spanish) es mi dia primero (mandarin) wuo gang kai shuchun gong chuo (to penguins) quack quack quack
(droopy voice) i think you are off the hook#woo hoo
(proudly) a dishonorable discharge it is the best we could've hoped for#you can not spell "dishonorable" without "honorable"
i think you are a hero dad#well i could not have done it without bart
well i could not have done it without bart#boy i guess i was wrong about that earring it saved us all
then can i get a tattoo that says "bite me ?" you never know when it might come in handy#i do not think so son
a king cobra ?#no
weaponsgrade plutonium ?#ask your mother
knockout drops ?#no
ninja death stars ?#maybe for christmas
eighteighteight#oh will this horrible year never end ?
int simpson house  continuous)#will you look at those morons ? i paid my taxes over a year ago
(very worried) dad#(condescending) what is it sweetie ? did you see a scary picture in your picture book ?
that was last year's taxes you have to pay again this year#no because you see i went ahead and yearwise i was counting forward from the last previous (annoyed grunt)
i put the tax forms on top of your to do pile a month ago#(stunned) i have a to do pile ?
(stunned) i have a to do pile ?#(panicky) marge how many kids do we have ? oh no time to count i will just estimate (writes) uh nine
homer you know we do not have#(covering ears) shutup shutup if i do not hear you it is not illegal (reads form) okay i need some deductions deductions (spotting) ah business gifts
(covering ears) shutup shutup if i do not hear you it is not illegal (reads form) okay i need some deductions deductions (spotting) ah business gifts#(quickly) here you go keep using nuclear power
homer i painted that for you#okay marge if anyone asks you require 24hour nursing care lisa's a clergyman maggie is seven people and bart was wounded in vietnam
int homer's car  continuous)#(panicked scream) if i do not see it it is not illegal
ext post office  continuous)#oh no you do not
oh no you do not#c'mon get in there drop
c'mon get in there drop#woo hoo
woo hoo#(pained yell)
what about you homer ?#(leans back thoughtfully) well
homer simpson ? (flashing badge) united states government#(panicky) help somebody
(ominous) simpson homer j#(terrified whimper)
mr simpson this government computer can process over nine tax returns per day did you really think you could fool it ?#(meekly) no sir i am really sorry sir an older boy told me to do it
you are looking at five years minimum#no sir please i can not go to prison they pee in a cup and throw it on ya i saw it in a movie
you will not be seeing any prison movies where you are going prison#(burying face) no please i will do anything
anything ? well that is a start agent johnson fbi#(about to cry) i am very happy to meet you
from now on you are gonna work for us#(sotto) okay but could you pay me under the table ? (indicates miller) i got a little tax problem
they want you to spy on your friends ?#(defensive) not spy squeal i have got no choice
the government has no right to use you this way#(covering transmitter with hand scared) quiet honey you do not know how big this government is it goes all the way to the president
(grunts) there you go ratboy#(buttoning shirt) does this make me look fat ?
no it makes you look like a tool of government oppression#but not fat
ext moe's  later that day)#so if my cover gets blown and i need help what is the signal ?
so if my cover gets blown and i need help what is the signal ?#(worried moan)
(worried moan)#hey i see you are watchin' the ball game looks like a good one any of you involved in any illegal activity ? cause i could sure go for some
oh god#how 'bout you lenny ? testing testing ? lenny ?
you sayin' you want to commit a crime homer ?#maybe but first i need to hear about some other crimes to get me fired up
or that telemarketing scam you pulled ?#uhhhh like those but involving you
oh you you mean like the time barney beat up george bush#barney ? that was me (seething) and i'd do it again
hey how did they finger charlie ? somebody musta ratted him out#oh that is ridiculous moe end transmission
my superiors were pleased with your work you have a flair for treachery#well i am just glad it is all over
(chuckling) ohh you are not through simpson we have a highrisk assignment for you#(whiny) why do you keep picking on me ? marge's name was on that tax return too
let's take a walk#(lazy whiny) walk ? (getting up slowly) that wasn't part of the deal
in 1945 the people of europe struggled to rebuild following the war#(chuckles) losers
a trilliondollar bill#ooh a trilliondollar bill ? 'atsa spicy meatball
well i will not go without a fight wink wink heh let me show you around#but mr burns gave me my job and he has not fired me even after three meltdowns and one china syndrome i can not betray him
(under breath) sometimes i do not know why i bother#i am in
(annoyed) now what smithers ? i (sees homer) you are not smithers#uh i am homer simpson your trusted employee
hmm a pack of vicious dogs should be ripping you to pieces#(shrugs politely) uhh i do not know what to tell you
it will uh be a few minutes so what brings you to my home ?#well mr burns you always come off as kind of a gruff crotchety loner but we both know that deep down inside
ya ha#(calm) still cold
hmm well let me get you a towel#(into mic softly) starting search for trilliondollar bill
(into mic softly) starting search for trilliondollar bill#(as he is searching) c'mon where are you ? here trilly trilly
what is this ? what are you doing ?#(scared) uhmmmm errr uhhhhh
(smiling) you are from collier's magazine are not you ? (slyly) are you going to put me in star snoop ?#uh yeah sure that thing
well of course i did not want a racehorse in my living room but you do not say no to spring byington do you ?#no you do not heh heh
heh heh heh heh heh ohh you will find this amusing  the suit charlie chaplin was buried in#(creeped out) ewww
that intrepid lad is my great grandfather franklin jefferson burns tossing that tea without a care for what the caffeine would do to the fenway flounder#is that a fish ?
it was#(sees something) hey that guy looks like you
let's move#(gasp growing excitement) is that the trilliondollar bill in his hand ?
(chuckles) well that would be pretty careless of me would not it ? i keep the real bill right here#wowww that must be worth a fortune
(grunt) i am not the thief the government is every year you make hardworking joes like my reporter friend here pay income taxes and for what ? aid to ungrateful foreigners donothing nuclear missiles tomb polish for some unknown soldier#(eyes narrowing) hey he is right
ohh you can silence me but you can not silence collier's magazine (yelling to homer) tell the people do not let the government push you around you have a choice fight back#i am gonna write the best darn article (realizing) oh wait
i am gonna write the best darn article (realizing) oh wait#take that uncle sam
take that uncle sam#(naughty giggle)
faster simpson those jackbooted gmen will not be far behind#we will hide out at my place i have got beer
(considering noise) that really was more of a burgundy#(looking back at cop car) ohh we are never gonna make it let's just divide up the trillion now and go our separate ways
capital idea let's blow this fascist popsicle stand we will purchase a small island somewhere and start our own country free from the relentless tyranny of uncle sam#but i can not leave the country what about my wife and kids ?
(horrfied gasp)#(disappointed moan)
attention fugitives you are leaving us jurisdiction turn back immediately or we will be unable to prosecute you#we'd better do what he says
no wait (announcing triumphantly) we are now over international waters#woo hoo we can gamble
woo hoo we can gamble#yes
any of these islands would make a fine new country#i call president
ext havana  street  a little later)#oh you are gonna love it in cuba marge there is shredded pork everywhere
es carne de burro#(as if responding) nice to meet you
so you say batista's gone ? (to homer) did you know that ?#(amazed) i had no idea
please we are all amigos here#(rolling eyes) mr burns i think we can trust the president of cuba
ext ocean  day)#it is hard to believe there is a place worse than america but we found it
(building) well if it is a crime to love one's country then i am guilty and if it is a crime to steal a trillion dollars from our government and hand it over to communist cuba then i am guilty of that too and if it is a crime to bribe a jury then so help me i will soon be guilty of that#(moved) god bless america
int kwikemart  day)#oooh the gum with the cracker center mmm
oooh the gum with the cracker center mmm#that'll do it apu so just
that'll do it apu so just#(small scream)
do not be alarmed that is just my helper monkey sir i got him after a robber shot me six times and left me for dead#helper monkey eh ?
int animal assistants program  continuous)#i'd like a monkey please and maybe one of those dogs what do they do ?
ah they serve as seeing eyes for the blind sir#do they do any other tricks ?
no#just the monkey then
(delicate) ahh may i inquire as to how you are "differently abled" ?#(dawning) ohhoho i am not handicapped i am just lazy
(tightlipped) uh sir helper monkeys are only for the physically challenged or enfeebled#(excited) enfeebled ? oo i know just the guy be right back
oh son this monkey's gonna change my life#mind if i take him for a ride ?
ext simpson house  the next day)#(mildly) there a problem honey ?
monkey there is a monkey in the house (shriek)#relax it is only mojo mojo marge marge mojo he can do anything you show him watch
relax it is only mojo mojo marge marge mojo he can do anything you show him watch#simpson residence
(sigh) why did not you tell me you were bringing home a filthy monkey ?#this "filthy monkey" made the orange juice you are drinking
and now "kids news"#marge the kids are on
(annoyed) hmf the monkey's on my part of the sofa#(gently) honey he is clearly marked his territory
(still sniffling) excellent#(touched) marge can i get a duck ?
(tightlipped) you already have a monkey#can he get a duck ?
ext donut shop  day)#come on come to poppa
come on come to poppa#(drooling anticipation shudders) good boy mojo now bring 'em down and i will give you one
(monkey chatter)#(sputtering) would you stop that you are a helper monkey this is not helping
(sputtering) would you stop that you are a helper monkey this is not helping#oh i do not need your pity
(nodding sagely) hmm it really makes you think#("there") and so on
int simpson house  living room  later that day)#mojo will you wipe my mouth ?
(labored breathing)#what do you want ? his cholesterol's through the roof
i want you to take that monkey back so he can be rehabilitated and get a second chance#no no he is fine go on mojo show marge your happy dance
come on mom the stores just invented this holiday to make money#lisa do not you ruin another love day
(electronic voice) i am sir lovesalot the bear who loves to love#they did not have lord huggington ?
it is the same basic bear homey#(disappointed) i guess
(holding camera) kiss it and make it boogie#kiss it
uh maybe later#(boogieing) ohho yeahhh
uh what a terrible waste#yes but the memories will last a lifetime
yes but the memories will last a lifetime#(grunts) crap  py  stuff
yep that is the rule he who tops it off drops it off#nuhuh it is not filled until it is spilled
nuhuh it is not filled until it is spilled#(grunts)
(weakly) i wuv you#(grunts)
i wuv#(grunts)
wuv you#(grunt)
(evil laugh)#(cagey chuckle)
(cagey chuckle)#(annoyed grunt)
i heard that you know the rule#(whiny) ooh but i can rebuild
ext back yard  a few minutes later)#(grunts) (muttering) owow stupidtrash rottenstinky hateworld revengesoon take out on everyone (screams) garbage water ohhoho
(grunts) (muttering) owow stupidtrash rottenstinky hateworld revengesoon take out on everyone (screams) garbage water ohhoho#(to god) you are pushin' me baby
(to god) you are pushin' me baby#hey wait stop i have garbage
and the school nurse says bart has the plague#you guys are the lousiest garbage men ever yeah i am talkin' to you you trasheatin' stink bags
you guys are the lousiest garbage men ever yeah i am talkin' to you you trasheatin' stink bags#(realizing) uh oh
what did you call us ?#(covering badly) i do not know a lot of people were yelling stuff
did not you learn anything from love day ?#that was yesterday moron
int simpson house  kitchen  a few minutes later)#good news everyone i got in a fight with the garbage men and they are cutting off our service
oh lord now what are we going to do ? just let the trash pile up ?#(defiant) hey i'd rather live in a dump than in a world run by snooty garbage men
dad is this another one of those situations that could be solved by a simple apology ?#i never apologize lisa i am sorry but that is just the way i am
i never apologize lisa i am sorry but that is just the way i am#(excited) siddown honey the men will clear the table
(excited) siddown honey the men will clear the table#(as he throws) so long chicken bone
see you in hell brussel sprouts (grunts)#no room for you jello
oooooh#(sincere) sorry ned i did not see you down there (turns to bart) got him
uh listen homer ah hate to be a fussy freddy and all but maude's folks are here and ah they are a tad touchy about odors#(helpfully) then you might wanna close your windows before the sun hits diaper hill
go go go#(chipper) soho the rats seem happy
homer that crazy lady who lives in our trash pile attacked me again#that is not the way she tells it
that is not the way she tells it#uh it is like the measles good to get it out of the way
yeah dad you are always telling me and bart to apologize#yeah but i am always secretly disappointed when you do anyway i think those garbage men are starting to crack
i think you are startin' to crack#apologize for that remark
no way#(proud) attaboy
int simpson house  master bedroom  morning)#good morning trash pile how is about
good morning trash pile how is about#hey woohoo i won
hey woohoo i won#this is a very very proud day for us especially me your father me beat city hall it is just like david and goliath only this time david won
this is a very very proud day for us especially me your father me beat city hall it is just like david and goliath only this time david won#and to think you wanted me to crawl marge well this man does not crawl he stands tall that rhymes marge and you know it rhymes admit it
(fed up) oh homer you did not beat city hall they picked up our trash because i wrote a letter of apology to the sanitation commissioner and signed your name period#(shocked noise then) you signed my name ? i feel so violated
you have signed my name lots of times#but this is not like a loan application or a will  you signed away my dignity (stands) and i am going to get it back (trying to see over stomach) lisa do i have my pants on ?
yes#perfect
(holding letter) here's your apology back mr simpson and i am sorry we could not work this out#do not come off all high and mighty with me patterson you can not scare me with your office and your desk and your lamp
i am not tryin' to scare you i am just tryin' to get my work done here#oh oh oh i get it put on a big show for the cameras
what cameras ? why are you still here ?#i came to fight city hall i wanna shake things up patterson stir up some controversy rattle a few cages
hey stop that#you will never silence me i am the last angry man patterson a crusader for the little guy
leave the bird alone#never
look simpson i have been elected by the voters of this city sixteen years in a row so they must think i am doing a damn good job#you want to know what i think ?
no nobody wants to hear the nonsensical ravings of a loudmouthed malcontent#(shocked gasp) well we will see about that
int city clerk's office  moments later)#i want to register to run for sanitation commissioner and tell the fatcats upstairs  things are gonna change in this town
(over pa) hey everybody vote for my dad homer simpson (fast) if you do not he will beat us#(over pa) why you little (then realizing) no one's gonna beat ya son (under breath) you are gonna get such a beating
ext springfield nuclear plant  later that day)#hey vote simpson hi nice to see ya heh thanks for comin' out keep puttin' on weight huh ? lenny my man
so homer if we vote for you whaddaya gonna do different ?#what am i the answer man ? just vote for me
yea i know it is a peace of mind issue you know ?#these old geezers just do not get it it is time to rock the vote
whoa whoa whoa whoa can i help you ?#(irish accent) potato man
(into headset) okay camera two (noticing homer) uh excuse me this is a restricted area#take a hike kojak
int stadium  concert stage  continuous)#hellooo springfield it is me homer
what the bloody hell ?#(looking down at bono) quiet you (addressing crowd) i know you youngsters wanna see these rockin' rockers but i also know you care about the race for sanitation commissioner so let me give ya the 911
(annoyed sigh) why should they vote for you ?#that is a good question bono 'cause i'd be the most wack trippedout sanitation commissioner ever can ya dig it ?
(grunts)#ow oh bono help me
int moe's  later)#(moan) my campaign is a disaster moe
(moan) my campaign is a disaster moe#(bitter) i hate the public so much (wishful) if only they'd elect me (vengeful) i'd make 'em pay (worried) oh moe how do i make 'em like me ?
ah gee you are kinda all over the place there homer you need to focus here you gotta think hard and come up with a slogan that appeals to all the lazy slobs out there#(short moan) can not someone else do it ?
"can not someone else do it ?" that is perfect#it is ?
yeah now get out there and spread that message to the people#(raises arms triumphantly) woo hoo
whoa whoa hey you did not pay for the beer#(big smile stagy) can not someone else do it ?
ext town square  the next day)#fellow citizens how would you rate the trash service in this town ?
i would deem it excellent#uh okay it is excellent but are not you tired of waking up early and dragging the garbage to the curb ?
(amid mumbled assent) oh man you got that right / yeah / i guess so / it is so annoying in the morning/ yes / uhhuh#are not you tired of having to peel that last snotty kleenex from the bottom of your wastebasket ?
i will say#well then
well then#well then can not someone else do it ?
(intrigued) hey yeah#and can not someone else scoop out that nasty kitty litter ?
yeah / someone else / someone else / yeah#well ray patterson thinks you should do it animals are crapping in our houses and we are picking it up did we lose a war ? (beat) that is not america that is not even mexico
well ray patterson thinks you should do it animals are crapping in our houses and we are picking it up did we lose a war ? (beat) that is not america that is not even mexico#do not you deserve better than the best ?
yeah#who should handle all your dirty jobs ?
int springfield town hall  a few nights later)#i am sorry my opponent did not think enough of you to show up for this debate i am sure he had more important things to do (mimes drinking) (glugglug sound)
(out of breath gasp) sorry i am late everyone (pointedly to homer) somebody tampered with my brakes#well then you shoulda been early
oh c'mon people this man has promised round the clock trash pickup that is impossible#not if we hire more men and my men will do all your messy jobs they will wash your car scrub your shower air out your stinkables
i can not believe what i am hearing#well then you would better turn up your hearing aid pops
"pops ?" i am only two years older than you#(undeterred) do we want old man patterson here with his finger on the button ?
what button ? what the hell are you talkin' about ?#(imitating him) whatwhatwhat what button ? where am i ? who took my false teeth ?
(to crowd) all right fine if you want an experienced public servant vote for me but if you wanna believe a bunch of crazy promises about garbage men cleaning your gutters and waxing your car  then by all means vote for this sleazy lunatic#woo hoo
are not you gonna buy it dad ?#fifty cents ? (dismissive snort) not likely
int city hall  day)#(friendly) hey ray cleanin' out the old office eh ?
if i hadn't already packed my letter opener i'd give you such a stabbing#(making timeout gesture) whoa whoa whoa whoa ray are we gonna let politics get in the way of our friendship ?
(appalled) friendship ? you told people i lure children into my gingerbread house#(chuckling) yeah that was just a lie
simpson the american people have never tolerated incompetence in their public officials you are going to crash and burn my fatheaded friend#(warmly) see ? we are still friends (opening arms) c'mon give us a cuddle
(warmly) see ? we are still friends (opening arms) c'mon give us a cuddle#jeanpaul how are the new uniforms ? do they match the suede boots ? beautiful (punches another line) did you get the new trucks ? are they amphibious ? well there is only one way to find out (beat) we can always buy more
wow dad you are really working hard#(standing) yes i gotta work hard honey daddy made a lot of crazy promises
i am really proud of you homie but can the garbage man really do all the things you said ?#oh the garbage man can marge (leading into a song) the garbage man can
ext suburban street  day)#(singing) who can take your trash out ? / stomp it down for you ? / shake the plastic bag and do the twistythingy too ? / the garbage man
simpson you idiot you spent your entire year's budget in a month your department's broke#(upset noise) oh no wait i think i have got the perfect solution
you better because those garbage men will not work for free#(annoyed grunt)
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#(to self moaning) patterson was right i am crashing and burning crashing and burning
how could you spend four point six million dollars in a month ?#they let me sign checks with a stamp marge (miming stamping) a stamp
you know dad there is a lesson in all this many cities have problems with garbage disposal and it is time we realized you can not just#wait shutup i just thought of something
int town hall  hallway  continuous)#(jovial) 'mornin' boys
my men ain't workin' another minute till we get paid#(cockily) will cash be okay ?
int homer's car  night)#okay before i show ya who wants to guess how i got the money ?
(reluctantly) i will have to say drugs too#(teasing) close but you are way off
ext cliff above abandoned mine entrance  night)#look at that beautiful garbage other cities do not want it so they pay me to dump it in this old abandoned mine
good god homer you are turning our wonderful little town into america's trashhole#(looking around nervously) marge ixnay on the ashholetray
but dad you can not cram garbage under springfield forever#sure i can honeykitten
what the hell is that ?#(nervous) uh nothin'
(nervous) uh nothin'#now uh you were saying how great i was ?
and all those opposed to horsewhipping homer simpson ?#nay
i can not believe it is come to this#(chewing) come to what ?
moving the whole town five miles down the road it is crazy#yeah it is somethin' all right
so we transplant the town we are just gonna trash the new springfield too#yeah but whaddaya gonna do ? if you need me i will be at moe's
yeah but whaddaya gonna do ? if you need me i will be at moe's#hi moe
wowwww mcbain has really buffed up you could grate cheese on those abs#yeah but can he do this ?
(annoyed grumble) anyway it is time for the church picnic#(getting up) what ? they had a picnic last week
no they did not you just brought a bucket of chicken to church#if god did not want us to eat in church he would have made gluttony a sin
(joe pesci voice) aw nuts#ooo still plenty of parking
(friendly) nice to see you homer#yeah out of the way whoever you are you are blocking the food
(crossing to homer) oh you would be surprised he gets pretty competitive when he is drinking c'mon dad we are playing capture the flag#sorry son daddy's down for the day why do not you go capture me some more potato salad ?
but rod picked his dad it is a matter of family honor#flanders is playing ? why did not you say so ?
okay dad they have got our flag guarded pretty good#i agree let's surrender
(whispering) no wait i have a plan but i will need your underpants#hmm all right but do not lose them they are my only pair
(amid chatter) get him#(sneaky chuckle) stupid kids
tag tag tag tag tag#(gasping) time out t time out
(concerned) oh i do not think he can get up (then) let's egg him#(whimpering sounds) oh stop it
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#i have never seen bart so ashamed of me
i have never seen bart so ashamed of me#(sadly) oh marge how could you let me let myself go like this ?
me ? i am not the one who puts butter in your coffee#yeah well i have humiliated my son for the last time i am going to get into shape
(heard it before) whatever you say sweetie#no i mean it i am really serious this time
okay honey okay i will start taking in all your slacks (quiet laughter)#(decisive grunt)
(decisive grunt)#(to dog) okay boy i want you to keep this exercise thing under your hat that way i will not be embarrassed if i fail
(barks once)#oh great now the cat knows
oh great now the cat knows#(deep breath) okay here we go
(deep breath) okay here we go#(defeated groan)
(defeated groan)#(sucking in gut) look son daddy got in shape e
(sucking in gut) look son daddy got in shape e#(disappointed groan) i have got to keep trying (then) or i could just move that picture (determined) no the picture looked good where it was (to dog) boy drag me back outside
ext springfield streets  night)#(pained noises)
(pained noises)#(louder pained noises)
int kwikemart  two am)#(clears throat)
so what will it be mr simpson ? your usual bucket of ice cream covered with miniature pies ?#uhh (looking around) do not you have anything healthy here ?
oh well we have some lowsalt candy bars and some reducedfat soda and our beef jerky is now nearly rectumfree#hey these power sauce bars look pretty healthy
oh yes that is a new item no bar contains more applesauce#(reading label) hmm a bushel of apples packed in each bar plus a secret ingredient that unleashes the awesome power of apples wow
ext streets  three am)#(rhymes with "dime") "gym ?" what is a "gym ?"
int gym  a minute later)#ohhh (chuckles still rhymes with "dime") a gym
ohhh (chuckles still rhymes with "dime") a gym#ow ow ow boy am i feeling this ow oh my head's gonna be sore in the morning ow
excuse me you are doing this station all backwards let me show you how to do it like a man#(gasp) ranier wolfcastle oh i love your movies and your power sauce bars and your taut rippling
(growing frenzy) push harder go past the max reach over the top master your ass#wow wolfie two months ago i did not know what the word "dumbbell" meant this place is great
int simpson house  bedroom  day)#(macho voice) hello handsome nice muscles care for a rubdown ? (normal voice) ohho well i am flattered but spoken for oh what the heck give me your number
and your shirt#i have been working out secretly at night and look at me now
(impressed) oh my goodness gracious#heh heh heh go ahead try and grab some flab go on ju
heh heh heh go ahead try and grab some flab go on ju#(annoyed) no not there
(annoyed) no not there#not there either over here
(announcing) i have got some#no here try my foot no not that foot just feel my biceps
whoaa#well whaddaya think of your old man now son ?
(frightened noise)#damn right
damn right#how can you put that filth into your bodies ?
(to bart and lisa) my casserole is not filth eat it#look at you people bart's a tub lisa's weak as a little girl and maggie does not seem to be growing at all
now that is just non#you too marge if you toned up a little you would probably get a lot more action (winks clicking noise)
homer stop insulting us and eat your filth food i mean food#sorry i only eat food in bar form when you concentrate food you unleash its awesome power i am told that is why i am compressing five pounds of spaghetti into one handy mouthsized bar
sorry i only eat food in bar form when you concentrate food you unleash its awesome power i am told that is why i am compressing five pounds of spaghetti into one handy mouthsized bar#hm
hm#(calmly) hospital please
(impressed) you know rainier wolfcastle ?#yeah he helped me blast through the burn and ride the zone
he eats fifty dollars' worth of power sauce bars a day#(mantra) overshoot the extreme max the envelope and so on
hm congratulations sir#huh ?
you are gonna be the first man to climb the murderhorn#i am ?
yeah that is it (gently turning homer's chin) just to the right of the one you are looking at#(worried noise)
int simpson house  living room  day)#okay mountainclimbing supplies rope ice axe heart medicine
son do not go up that mountain you will die up there just like i did#you ? did ?
i fell 8000 feet onto a pile of jagged rocks 'course folks were tougher in those days i was jitterbuggin' that very night but that skunk mcallister was never seen again#if you are trying to scare me it will not work i am one hundred percent focused on my goal (noticing) hey my hat has ear flaps (laughs)
ext base of the murderhorn  continuous)#(wakingup noises) huh ? wha ya ? (noticing rope) hey you guys are dragging me up the mountain
homer you are the world's greatest hero do you owe it all to power sauce ?#that is right brad and neil i only eat power sauce  the bar with applesaucicity ("sauceissitee")
(translation to come)#aww goodbye everyone do not touch my stuff
(concerned) dad wait you are not risking your life just to impress me are you ?#(admitting) well yeah
ext mountain  later)#(to self winded) oh man this is hard
should not you save a couple bottles for when you are a little higher ?#bart this climb is the most difficult ordeal i have ever faced
do not get discouraged dad only four vertical miles to go#(from a distance annoyed grunt)
ext mountain  midnight)#wow look how far i climbed and i am not even tired
wow look how far i climbed and i am not even tired#wake up you lazy sherpas we have got a mountain to climb
(confessing) frankly we do not care#so nobody believes i can do this huh ? well my son does and i am not gonna let him down i am going to climb this entire mountain on my own
then technically should not you go back down the mountain and start all over ?#shut up you are so fired
(jubilant whoops)#homer simpson here i have sent the sherpas home and i am heading for the top solo
are you crazy ? you will never make it#(through walkietalkie) the hell i will not you are forgetting i have got my power sauce bars
ext mountain  continuous)#hey deng xiaoping died
(through walkietalkie) homer listen to me turn back now#forget it i will be at the top by noon over and out
ext mountain  day  hours later)#(grunting and breathing hard then to himself) air's getting thin but i am gonna make it (beat) woo getting lightheaded good  no heavy head to carry wait i will just take that escalator
(grunting and breathing hard then to himself) air's getting thin but i am gonna make it (beat) woo getting lightheaded good  no heavy head to carry wait i will just take that escalator#(singing) la la la la la la la la
(singing) la la la la la la la la#(singing) la la la la la la la la la
(singing) la la la la la la la la la#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#just a few feet more
just a few feet more#(climbing noises)
(climbing noises)#(totally drained) i did it i made it all the way to aw crap
(totally drained) i did it i made it all the way to aw crap#(defeated) it just keeps going (sobs) i give up you beat me mountain
(defeated) it just keeps going (sobs) i give up you beat me mountain#(relieved sigh) at least i will not freeze to death
(relieved sigh) at least i will not freeze to death#(short scream)
(short scream)#(reading) "last entry i have mountaineered to the utmost but the peak is unclimbable worse still that treacherous skunk abe simpson stole my oxygen and tried to eat my left arm"
(reading) "last entry i have mountaineered to the utmost but the peak is unclimbable worse still that treacherous skunk abe simpson stole my oxygen and tried to eat my left arm"#(disgusted) ew dad (reading) "tell my beloved wife my last thoughts were of her blinding and torturing abe simpson cheerio"
(disgusted) ew dad (reading) "tell my beloved wife my last thoughts were of her blinding and torturing abe simpson cheerio"#(sad noise) my dad's a disgrace just like bart's dad me (sobs)
ext mountain  continuous)#this may not be the top but it is as close as a simpson's ever gonna get
this may not be the top but it is as close as a simpson's ever gonna get#this is for you son
this is for you son#(sheepish noise)
(sheepish noise)#(growing excitement) hey wait a minute i am on the top i actually did it i climbed the unclimbable mountain bow down before me everyone for i am your king
oh no he fell i can not look#(approaching scream)
(approaching scream)#hi
oh homie you are alive#oh marge i never thought you would see me again
didja make it to the top dad ? huh ? didja ?#(coyly) why do not you tell me son ? see any interesting flags up there ?
all i see is a pole maybe the flag fell off#aw dammit
forget about it homer you made it to the top you are the coolest dad ever#(hugs bart) thanks bart that makes it all worthwhile
is that your wallet ?#(annoyed grunt)
(sober) 'mornin' boys can not stop to chat time is money#'mornin' barney
hey dad wake up#huh ? whuh ? hyuwhuh ? (pretending to be busy) i am awake i am awake i am a productive member of the team you can not fire me i quit (pleading) please i have a family well let's see what we got in the ol' drawer (hums)
huh ? whuh ? hyuwhuh ? (pretending to be busy) i am awake i am awake i am a productive member of the team you can not fire me i quit (pleading) please i have a family well let's see what we got in the ol' drawer (hums)#eh eh
eh eh#aha there is some glue
aha there is some glue#(grunting noises)
(grunting noises)#hope this stuff holds
int power plant  homer's workstation  a minute later)#(halfconscious noises)
(halfconscious noises)#hello ?
dad ?#(annoyed) who is this ?
it is lisa i just called to tell you how much i love you and can i take the bus to the museum ?#museum ? i do not like the sound of that what did your mother say ?
(covering) ahm i wasn't a hundred per cent clear on that she said something but she was kind of in a rush to get bart to the emergency room#(concerned) hmm so you want to take the bus huh ? i do not know that is a pretty big decision
well if it would put your mind at ease i could take a limousine (sly) although that would cost two hundred dollars#two hundred dollars ? (groans) is not there any other way ?
hmm i guess i could take the bus if you think that is a better idea#frankly i do i know you had your heart set on a limo but sometimes daddies have to say no honey i am afraid you are gonna have to take the bus
(fake disappointment) oh all right#atta girl i love you sweet 
oh what this thing ? i got it down at the museum it is what the ancient egyptians call a "souvenir"#my daughter's at that egyptian dealy right now (chuckles) she wanted to take a limo but i made her take the bus
alone ?#(warily) mmmaybe but you do not know lisa i mean she is so smart they hooked her up to a big computer to try to teach it some things but she had so much knowledge it overloaded and then it got really hot and caught on fire
that never uhh happened did it homer ?#(weakly) uh yesss but now i have to leave on a totally unrelated matter
(weakly) uh yesss but now i have to leave on a totally unrelated matter#(calling) lisa
ext springsonian museum  a little later)#(calling out) lisa ? lisa ? lisa ?
(calling out) lisa ? lisa ? lisa ?#oh where is she ?
oh where is she ?#has anyone seen my little girl ?
has anyone seen my little girl ?#for god's sakes my little girl is
for god's sakes my little girl is#(short scream then casually) hello
(short scream then casually) hello#(baldly) i am at work this is what i do
but#keep it moving marge this is not a parking lot
(ashamed) oh sorry#(relieved sigh)
(relieved sigh)#(short scream)
should not you be at work right now ?#(nervously) uh yes sir mr burns sir
well then get back to wherever it is you work whoever you are#excuse me ma'am have you seen this girl ?
ext downtown street  a few minutes later)#(moan grunts then as he jumps) lisa lisa
(moan grunts then as he jumps) lisa lisa#(frustrated noise) this is no good i have got to get up higher
(frustrated noise) this is no good i have got to get up higher#give me all your balloons
give me all your balloons#i hope this works
i hope this works#these are for you if you let me use your cherry picker
excuse me ma'am ? uh hello ? somebody ? anybody ? (weary sigh)#lisa ? lisa ? (sees lisa gasp) lisa
dad#(calling out) stay there i will come down and save you
(calling out) stay there i will come down and save you#lisa save me
ext steep road  continuous)#(fading scream)
hang on dad#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(pained yells)
(pained yells)#(pained yell)
look out#oh no i am gonna go off the end of the 
oh no i am gonna go off the end of the #(quick series of pained noises)
(quick series of pained noises)#(looks skyward) i am not normally a praying man but if you are up there please save me superman
dad grab onto it#(annoyed grunt then pained noise) oh lisa thank god you are okay
(annoyed grunt then pained noise) oh lisa thank god you are okay#ow ow ow oww
are you sure you do not want to go to a doctor ? i mean a drawbridge did close on your head#nah i will just walk it off
(downcast) i should have known i wasn't old enough to take the bus alone but i really wanted to see that exhibit i will never take another stupid risk like that again#(firm) do not ever say that
what ?#(adamant) if i hadn'ta taken a stupid risk with that cherry picker i never would have found you
(tentative) i guess#stupid risks are what make life worth living now your mother she is the steady type and that is fine in small doses but me i am a risk taker and that is why i have so many adventures
dad you are headed for the river again#(chuckles) feel your heart pumping a mile a minute ? that is what my heart's doing all the time bet your left arm's tingling too huh ?
dad are you all right ?#i am enjoying my life too much to care and you should be too (getting revved up) so what would you like to do right now more than anything in the world ?
see the isis exhibit but the museum's closed#(intrigued sound) closed eh ? so getting in would be a pretty big risk what do you say honey ? feeling stupid ? i know i am
ext springsonian museum  early evening)#just a little higher
dad i am kind of scared#good you are gonna need that adrenaline to make the final jump
(nervous) okay here goes (jumping noise)#could you open the window ? the cops have daddy's prints on file
have you ever seen such exquisite ushabtis ?#uh not this exquisite
(gazing in wonder) archaeologists have been studying it for decades and still have no clue what it means#well daddy will figure it out
oh we can not touch it dad it is behind a velvet rope (with reverence) a velvet rope#lisa you can not go this far and then not go further
lisa you can not go this far and then not go further#(worried noise)
it is a music box dad we uncovered the secret#oh so now it is we eh
(grunt) thanks for making me take such a stupid risk dad#anytime honey just remember never be afraid to live life on the edge (beat) now let's get home before your mother kills us
it is kind of humbling is not it ? the music we just heard might never be heard again#yeah but it will always live on because we will never forget it
dad that is the old spice song#it is ? (beat) well that is a good song too (to "old spice" theme) do do do dodo do do
(continuing theme) do do do dodo / do do do dodo / do do do do do do do do#run
ext simpson house  establishing  evening)#(satisfied sound) look honey i clipped on my tie all by myself
and look as handsome as the day we were married#oh happy anniversary marge
oh happy anniversary marge#hey look what was in here a program from that guy's funeral
you mean frank grimes ?#yeah him whatever happened to that guy ?
yayyy#(reluctant) but marge the gilded truffle is an intimate elegant place
happy anniversary mom and dad#(pained noise)
(pained noise)#(lots of pained noises)
ohhh look homie our wedding cake#you mean there is been cake in our freezer for eleven years ? why was i not informed ?
look at this little plastic couple (wistful) mmm so full of hopes potential dreams for the future#(laughing in his own world) hey marge would not it be weird if they had little parties at night ? wee little parties ?
(weary) i am going to bed#gotcha (disappointed sound)
gotcha (disappointed sound)#(yawning) another super year with a super lady good night honey
good night homie#(beat halfhearted) you know um it is a special occasion
(lukewarm) yeah we probably should you know rock the casbah#yeah seems like the thing to do
yeah seems like the thing to do#so you gonna
oh oh did you want me to ?#oh no no i am the guy i am supposed to uh
no no no i have my part in this too um#i know but let me get you started first
(grunts)#all right how is that ?
(grunt) homie you got your your elbow in#oh sorry
mmm#ow ow ow ow ow ow
ooh ooh ooh ooh sorry sorry sorry do you want me to ?#no no do not do that
well we used to#i know but i do not like it
i know but i do not like it#ahh
(sigh)#(excited) look who is here
(delighted) ooh who is a good boy ?#he is the best boy
oh yes he is yes he is#hey marge wasn't that great when the dog came in here ?
oh yeah he is really special#i love that dog
i love him too g'night#g'night
g'night#(small pained grunt) hmm that is queer
homer do not look#what ?
what ?#(shriek) the food
(shriek) the food#why did this happen ? whyyyyyy ?
refrigerator) someone left the freezer door open and the motor burned out we can get a new one#(back to normal) okay
(back to normal) okay#it was just the shock of seeing all that food on the floor plus i'd just fallen on my back which hurt more than i let on
when we got married is this how you thought we'd be spending our saturdays ? driving out to the boondocks to trade in a refrigerator motor ?#eh i never thought i'd live this long
ooh there is the turn#i will get us out of this honey it is just gonna take a whole lot of floorin'
i will get us out of this honey it is just gonna take a whole lot of floorin'#(thoughtfully) hmmm
what are you simple ? that is my old mine detector from the war#(strangled noises)
ext country road  later)#when you think about it mud is nothing but wet dirt
hope that farmhouse has a phone#(unhappy noise)
(relieved sigh) safe at last#shhh we are trespassing and some of these farmers have pitchforks
huh well maybe they are in the media room#that was close
ohhh (applauds) my hero#at your service milady
at your service milady#cara mia
("whooo's" and catcalls)#(sternly) bart i told you not to leave that tv on
uh captain ? captain ? ii know we usually bury the treasure but what if this time we use it to buy things ? you know uh things we like#no no honey (gets idea) maybe this will help
he put new electrical tape on the cushions#sorry guys marge and i are spending the weekend at a bed and breakfast
can i come ?#nah it'd just be awkward what with the sex and all
ext bed and breakfast  later that night)#now they did say bed and breakfast right ?
oh is not it romantic ? doilies and cozies as far as the eye can see#(stroking curtain) if there is anything more exquisite than queen anne's lace i have not found it
(patting bed) big enough for two#(bob hope growl)
(bob hope growl)#are you ready to rock ? 'cause heeere we go
should we get started ?#(tentative) um no time like the present
hm something's not right does this bed feel lumpy to you ?#well yeah kinda
well yeah kinda#did that butter churn just move ? (grimly) 'cause if it did
(catches breath) oh my heart's beating like crazy#mine too just like back in that hay loft
(dawning) y'know the fear of getting caught is kind of a turnon#(admiring) there is the dirty girl i married come on i have a disgusting idea
shh they will hear us#they did not hear us in the sewing room
they did not hear us in the sewing room#(giggles)
exactly now there is nothing left out there but treasure#(peppy) hello everybody
hey you are back did you rock the casbah ?#(sharply) bart (then) yes
it is okay when you are in love (then) and married (then) to the sweetest guy in the world#awww eskimo kiss
you do not think there is anything wrong with what we are doing do you ?#i do not think anything i have ever done is wrong
ext minigolf course  day)#not yet wait wait wait now
(laughing) oh this is so naughty (laugh) coming back to our old love nest#it has not changed since that magical evening when i knocked you up
oh we drank so much that night#yeah (laugh) i thought bart would be born a dimwit (laugh)
(uneasy laugh) heh heh yeah#(suavely) well this time i am drunk on love and beer
bingo#(faint highpitched surprised noise)
(alarmed) homer a hand#(quiet short scream)
we are trapped#(frightened) oh why can not they just play through ?
who cares what it is ? let's monoxide it#ohh why are people always trying to kill me ?
ext someone's back yard  a little later)#marge can we trade ? i do not trust these guys
(looking around nervously) we have gotta get home before someone sees us#(amorously) y'know all this danger is kind of a turn
(angry noise)#okay
ext used car lot  later)#(breathing heavy) gil thank god it is you you gotta help us
(breathing heavy) gil thank god it is you you gotta help us#(impatient) honey my shoulders are separating
all right men those nudies are here somewhere fan out#oh we are surrounded marge maybe we should give ourselves up
but think of the scandal#yeah the british tabloids will have a field day (then) there is only one thing left to do
yeah the british tabloids will have a field day (then) there is only one thing left to do#grab onto the handles marge
ext sky above springfield  a little later)#okay i think i have figured this thing out it can go up and down but not side to side or back in time
(gasp) clothes we are saved#(dubious noise) these have pleats
just grab 'em#(short scream)
(screams)#i am okay honey (deliberate) now listen very carefully i want you to pull on the thing that is near the other thing
you mean this thing ?#(short scream) no that was not the thing
hang on homie i am gonna try to set her down#(calling) thank you
dear lord look at that blimp he is hanging from a balloon#marge uh can we not land here ? honey ? baby doll ?
(gasps then shocked murmuring)#(to crowd) why do not you take a picture ? it lasts longer
(to crowd) why do not you take a picture ? it lasts longer#(annoyed grunt)
kids i want to explain about the stadium y'see sometimes moms and dads get a little well accustomed to each other#dads especially
(plowing ahead) so they need to explore new ways to express their love#scary ways but we never intended it to end like that with thousands of people staring at our naked bodies
all those eyes just leering and leering at us#(playfully) who is in the mood for miniature golf ?
look dad they have got every kind of paper looseleaf graph unlined (gasp) collegeruled#can not you just write on your arm like i do ?
int kwikemart  later that day)#yo apu gimme the usual
yes sir one kwikedog one bubble gum cigar and the latest issue of "success" magazine#(chewing) hey this hot dog tastes different
yes i just cleaned out the machine sir so the snack you are enjoying has not been soaking in putrid grease#(chewing) uh yeah but without the grease all you can taste is the hog anus
i am so sorry but i sold it all to the rendering plant#people buy grease ?
oh yes they use it to make products such as soap cosmetics baby food#used grease is worth money ? (gasp excited) then my arteries are clogged with yellow gold i am rich apu rich i
used grease is worth money ? (gasp excited) then my arteries are clogged with yellow gold i am rich apu rich i#(pained noises relieved sigh then patting heart) money in the bank
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#okay this bacon's done
okay this bacon's done#and now for the profit taking (chuckles)
uh dad i do not think the dog can handle any more bacon#looks like he is about ready for another squeezin'
(annoyed) homer that side of bacon was for my bridge game tonight#marge if you do not mind i am a little busy right now achieving financial independence
with cans of grease ?#(sarcastic) no through savings and wise investments (then) of course with grease
come on bart the bus is here#(to bart) where do you think you are goin' ?
it is the first day of school#not for you it is not you are in the grease business now
ext rendering plant  day)#okay boy this is where all the hard work sacrifice and painful scaldings pay off
four pounds of grease that comes tooo sixtythree cents#woo hoo
dad all that bacon cost twentyseven dollars#yeah but your mom paid for that
but does not she get her money from you ?#and i get my money from grease what is the problem ?
and i get my money from grease what is the problem ?#wow look at that load of grease (to bart) boy if we are ever gonna earn paper money we have to expand our operation
um i do not know how much more school i can miss#oh you will miss plenty i have a feeling this business is going to consume our whole lives
they only like her 'cause she acts so grown up with her perfume and her cell phone and oh and get this mom she drinks iced tea#(sweetly) lisa i can not imagine anyone being more likable than you but apparently this new girl is so my advice would be to start copying her in every way
but dad#(admonishing) uhuh think is that what alex would say ?
good old krusty burger#(eying cashiers) oh i will say (confidentially) look at that redheaded kid there must be twenty dollars' worth of grease on his forehead alone
i was thinking more of the deep fryer#all right we will try it your way
can i help you sir ?#(husky whisper) my god you are greasy
mom's gonna kill you#if she did not want her car ruined she should've done a better job hiding her keys
if she did not want her car ruined she should've done a better job hiding her keys#hey what the ?
hey what the ?#(frantic) hey hey you are taking our grease
it is our grease now#(pained noise)
we run the grease racket in this town#hey that is my shovel
int simpson house  living room  day)#oh i can not believe those goons muscled me out of my grease business i have been muscled out of everything i have ever done including my muscleforhire business
my poor homie could not you try some other farout moneymaking scheme ?#(mopey) oh what is the point ?
you are taking me you got that ? and it is gonna be a magical evening#(perking up slightly) emus ? really ? (tempted) oh that is pretty crazy (then giving up) nah i'd only fail just like i fail at everything
(casually) hey dad i have been thinking what if instead of giving up on grease we go for one last big score ?#wait a minute (leaping up ecstatic) the boy's right i can not quit now (hugging bart) aww you always know just what to say to cheer me up (turns to marge rolling eyes) emu farm (chuckles) you are priceless marge
ext simpson house  night)#all right son we are about to embark on our most difficult mission let's bow our heads in prayer
all right son we are about to embark on our most difficult mission let's bow our heads in prayer#dear lord i know you are busy seeing as how you can watch women changing clothes and all that but if you help us steal this grease tonight i promise we will donate half the profits to charity
dad he is not stupid#all right screw it let's roll
all right screw it let's roll#mmm i knew i should have attached those somehow
ext parking lot  night)#this better work boy i do not wanna wind up workin' on your mother's emu farm
do not worry this is the score we have been dreamin' about the grease traps in this kitchen have never been emptied#okay turn on the suction
okay turn on the suction#(peering into hose with one eye) it is not working
(peering into hose with one eye) it is not working#(pained noises)
(short scream)#what is it ?
where is the hose ?#bringin' up the rear
are you as excited as i am ?#(breathy) oh yeah
(breathy) oh yeah#well here goes
well here goes#and now we wait (beat then making conversation) so is this your school ?
(whistling then noticing homer and bart) eek  i mean ach  i mean what are you doing here ?#(vamping) uhhhh we are uh new foreign exchange students from uh um (slyly) scotland
saints be praised i am from scotland where do ye hail from ?#uhh north kilt town ?
no foolin' ? i am from north kilttown do you know angus maccloud ?#(beat accusatory) wait a minute there is no angus maccloud in north kilttown why you are not from scotland at all
not so fast boyo well if it was up to me i'd let ya go (holds up fists) but the lads have a temper and they have been drinkin' all day#(screams) ow stop pummeling me it is really painful
uh guys ? guys ? (pointing) the hose#(choked voice) bart please the groundskeeper and i are trying to settle this like adults
(choked voice) bart please the groundskeeper and i are trying to settle this like adults#(roller coaster screams)
(hurt) hey luigi bringa you kids free pizza why you have to maka da fun huh ?#that is my grease it is mine give it here
int homer's car  continuous)#(cracks up) website
doctors say the life expectancy of the average man is now seventysix point two years#seventysix point two ? but i am already thirtyeight point one i have wasted half my life
ext freeway  continuous)#half my life gone and i am only guaranteed thirtyeight more years
half my life gone and i am only guaranteed thirtyeight more years#(into phone) marge i have wasted half my life
sir do you need a tow truck ?#what are you talking about marge ? i do not need a
what are you talking about marge ? i do not need a#okay send the truck
oh honey do not eat that would not you rather have your sugar bag ?#no i do not deserve sugar i am halfway to my grave and i have not accomplished anything oh i am not looking forward to my funeral
indubitably old chum#(despondent moan) marge no matter what happens in the future promise me you will not vote for lenny
okay but you have accomplished a lot you have made me very happy#oh yeah they will put me on a stamp for that
oh yeah they will put me on a stamp for that#i have wasted half my life marge do you know how many memories i have ? three (ticking them off) standing in line for a movie having a key made and sitting here talking to you thirtyeight years and that is all i have to show for it
(matter of fact) you are thirtynine#(pained moan)
(pained moan)#(whimpers)
hi dad how was work ?#(sadly) cold
surprise#(dully) oh i see you are having a party i will come back later
the kids and i want to show you all the great things you have done#oh all right (sitting down) maybe i can pinpoint where my life went wrong
there you are in outer space that is pretty impressive#(indifferent sound) all we did was grow some space tomatoes and sabotage mir
remember when you almost became heavyweight champ ?#(blank) no
well there is certainly no greater accomplishment than fathering three beautiful children#hike
(laughter)#(regretful) oh i shoulda punted (covering eyes) turn it off turn it off
hello homer it is me kitt from tv's "knight rider"#(excited gasp)
your family has asked me to take time out from my busy schedule to invite you to a very speciallll#(disappointed groan) stupid movies who invented these dumb things anyway ? (sharply) was it you bart ?
that too he also invented the phonograph the microphone and the electric car#no one man can do all that you are a liar honey a dirty rotten liar
it is true i read it on a place mat at a restaurant#really ? a restaurant ? well now i do not know what to think
top of the world ma#(yelling) cut it out boy
dad ? what are you doin' here ?#reading about this edison character they will not let me in the big people library downtown there was some unpleasantness i can never go back
reading about this edison character they will not let me in the big people library downtown there was some unpleasantness i can never go back#ooh look at all the inventions edison came up with the stock ticker (turns page) the storage battery (turns page) even wax paper (turns page) and look at him dance
ooh look at all the inventions edison came up with the stock ticker (turns page) the storage battery (turns page) even wax paper (turns page) and look at him dance#(singing) de de de de de (giggles)
(looking around embarrassed) that is great dad#and these hardy boys books are great too this one is about smugglers
they are all about smugglers#no not this one (holds up book) "the smugglers of pirate cove" it is about pirates
excuse me are you a student at this school ?#(patronizing) i think it is pretty obvious that i am
(patronizing) i think it is pretty obvious that i am#go school
that does not sound like me (then) well i suppose if this does not work out you can always go back to the plant#(chuckles) not the way i quit (chuckles) oohwho
(chuckles) not the way i quit (chuckles) oohwho#(cutting him off) yeah yeah yeah yeah great story lenny but here's one that is even more spellbinding once upon a time there was a man named thomas edison and he invented the dictating machine and the fluoroscope and the repeating telegraph
(cutting him off) yeah yeah yeah yeah great story lenny but here's one that is even more spellbinding once upon a time there was a man named thomas edison and he invented the dictating machine and the fluoroscope and the repeating telegraph#(increasingly breathless)  and he was a firm believer in fletcherism and he played the organ and his favorite flower was the heliotrope  oh and his middle name was alva and he never ever ever wore pajamas and
huh ? oh uh oh nuts i forgot all i can think of now is edison i can not even remember where i work (rubs temples)#well i remember where edison worked it was menlo park that is where he came up with the tasimeter the ore separator and
uh james watt invented the steam engine#that is boring you are boring everybody quit boring everyone
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)# and then he worked on a machine to communicate with the dead some kind of scary telephone i guess or maybe he planned to just stick his head under the ground and yell
all right already everyone knows the man accomplished a lot maybe because he did not spend every waking moment talking about thomas edison#ohh that is where you are wrong marge he was a shameless selfpromoter
well you are not thomas edison#(an epiphany) marge that is it that is why i have not done anything with my life i need to be more like thomas edison
whatever#and i am starting right now no more lousy pajamas
and i am starting right now no more lousy pajamas#(proudly) from this day forward i am an inventor
(wiseguy voice) do us a favor invent yourself some underpants#well i quit my job just like you said to
(concerned) i did not tell you to quit your job#yes you did i remember your exact words you said i should quit my job and become an inventor or you would torch the house
(yelling) i will get you you fat lunatic#at my age edison had already invented 203 things ohh i have got a lot of work to do to catch up to him
at my age edison had already invented 203 things ohh i have got a lot of work to do to catch up to him#let's see now inventions inventions
(helpfully) something electrical might be good#what ? eh eh let me handle the creative end of this marge you do not understand how the creative mind works like i do
oh ?#you look at this table and what do you see ? just a table now a creative person like me looks at this table and sees all kinds of creative things  (firmly) but no tables
homer that is not a table that is our dryer#(short scream) my files
(short scream) my files#uh this is not working i have got to try a different approach
uh this is not working i have got to try a different approach#(hopeful noise then disappointed noise)
(hopeful noise then disappointed noise)#(smoking noises coughs smoking noises pleased sound smoking noise chokes)
you have started smoking dad ?#yes thomas edison smoked several cigars a day
yeah he invented stuff too#shutup
shutup#(falling noise)
(falling noise)#as long as you are here annoying me let's have a brainstorming session now here's how it works lisa you say one thing then bart you say another just toss out things and i will use my inventive mind to combine them into a brilliant original idea
butt#okay
booger#uhhuh
uhhuh#a wait a minute these are not exciting new products you are not even trying (erasing the words angrily) okay that is it both of you go to your rooms and spank yourselves
homer you can not punish the children just because you can not come up with an idea#i do not see why not they are my kids i own 'em
(groans)#(off her look) okay we own 'em
hm i brought you a tuna sandwich they say it is brain food i guess because there is so much dolphin in it and you know how smart they are#ohhh it is no use i can not work like this cut off from the scientific community
ohhh it is no use i can not work like this cut off from the scientific community#you stay here and guard the sandwich
and these should give you the grounding you will need in thermodynamics hypermathematics and of course microcalifragilistics (frink noise)#(frustrated noise) look i just want to know how to invent things tell me
well all you have to do is think of things that people need but which do not exist yet#you mean like an electric blanketmobile ?
(hesitates frink debating noise) possibleh or you could take something that already exists and find a new use for it like#(eagerly) hamburger earmuffs
uh well well i suppose that would qualify uh#thanks sucker
int simpson house  basement)#okay i have here the four greatest inventions in the history of mankind
okay i have here the four greatest inventions in the history of mankind#first my allpurpose electric hammer "for all your pounding needs"
first my allpurpose electric hammer "for all your pounding needs"#(amid smashing beingdragged noises) ow (more beingdragged noises)
(amid smashing beingdragged noises) ow (more beingdragged noises)#probably needs to be more powerful
(pulling out cash) i will buy ten of those right now#now here's my "everything's okay" alarm
now here's my "everything's okay" alarm#(yelling) this will sound every three seconds unless something is not okay
(holding ears) turn it off homer#(proudly yelling) it can not be turned off
(proudly yelling) it can not be turned off#(sheepish) but it does break easily (then) now this next one's for the ladies how many times have you gals been late for a highpowered business meeting only to realize you are not wearing makeup ?
(frightened scream)#that is why i invented this revolutionary makeup gun it is for the woman who only has fourfifths of a second to get ready close your eyes marge
that is why i invented this revolutionary makeup gun it is for the woman who only has fourfifths of a second to get ready close your eyes marge#and now you are ready for a night on the town
homer you have got it set on "whore"#eh (looking at it) oh (resetting it) okay this time try to keep your nostrils closed
eh (looking at it) oh (resetting it) okay this time try to keep your nostrils closed#oh look what you did now i have to get my cold cream gun
dad women will not like being shot in the face#women will like what i tell them to like now here's something for everyone
women will like what i tell them to like now here's something for everyone#in the olden times if you were watching tv and nature called you would have to get up and walk to the bathroom it was the hardest thing in the world to do (unveiling chair) but now with the lazy man reclining toilet chair you can just lean back and let 'er rip
you expect people to go to the bathroom in their living rooms ?#sure believe me every man in america will want to have one
(pulling him back) no bart homer all these inventions they are#(eagerly) yes ?
(short frustrated noise) they are not very#(more eager) yes ? yes ? yes ?
they are terrible#(stunned) what ?
i am not saying you are a bad inventor i am just saying these particular inventions are awful and no one in their right mind would buy them or accept them as gifts#but this is the best i could do i guess i am no better at being thomas edison than i was at being homer simpson
(looking over paper) do you mind ?#all week my life long dream was to be the next thomas edison but now it is over i guess i will just give up my hopes and dreams and settle for being a decent husband and father
all week my life long dream was to be the next thomas edison but now it is over i guess i will just give up my hopes and dreams and settle for being a decent husband and father#(losing balance noise)
homer / dad / look out#oh that i stuck a couple of extra legs on there 'cause i kept tipping over when i was trying to invent stuff
it could save lives#really ? you think it is a good idea ?
me too#i did it i am gonna be rich
i did it i am gonna be rich#look mr edison i did it i am an inventor and i owe it all to you
look mr edison i did it i am an inventor and i owe it all to you#see ? it is just a regular chair but i attached a couple of extra legs to the back kinda like the ones on the back of your
see ? it is just a regular chair but i attached a couple of extra legs to the back kinda like the ones on the back of your#(huge) awdammit
hey dad heard you swearing mind if i join in ? (quickly) crap boobs crap#(sadly) i thought i had a great idea but i must've seen it on this poster (points to edison's chair)
if edison thought of that chair how come it is not on this chart ?#(brightening) it is not ? (growing excitement) maybe he never told anyone about it
(brightening) it is not ? (growing excitement) maybe he never told anyone about it#that chair might be the only one he made
so ?#so we have got to go to the edison museum and smash it then i will be an inventor
but i thought you loved edison#aw to hell with him
yeah hell damn fart#(calling out quickly) takingbartacrossstatelinesbacksoon
(calling out quickly) takingbartacrossstatelinesbacksoon#(doppler) i borrowed your wallet
(eager) man i can not wait to smash that chair#(chuckles) oh son you are young and headstrong just like thomas edison jr you know he started a mushroom farm and an auto parts company and he sold his good name to a quack medicine company oh and later he raised turkeys that was on his turkey farm
(amid intrigued murmurs) ohh / well now that i'd like to see / yes#now let's take care of business
now let's take care of business#outta the way (re chair) this is one invention you are not getting credit for you inspiration hog
your electric hammer maestro ?#(menacing) invent your way out of this edison
(menacing) invent your way out of this edison#(softening) look son edison was just like me
you mean the wild mood swings ?#(furious) no (tenderly) we both lived in another man's shadow (re edison dummy) this oldtimey nerd and i have suffered the same frustration and heartache
edison dummy) this oldtimey nerd and i have suffered the same frustration and heartache#(to dummy) we are not rivals we are just a couple of dreamers who set the bar a little too high i can not destroy your work my friend
can i ?#(conspiratorial) no but we will stop off at the da vinci museum on the way home
uh i think that is in italy dad#oh well then we will take it out on eli whitney
int simpson house  tv room  next day)#yay / all right / woohoo /
authorities say the phony pope can be recognized by his hightop sneakers and incredibly foul mouth in other news thomas edison the greatest inventor of all timeis apparently still inventing despite the notable handicap of being dead#(proudly) that is my tommy
i gotta admit homer you are taking this pretty well#(tightly) let's just say i am sitting in the right chair
int simpson house  living room  morning)#mail call gather 'round everyone
mail call gather 'round everyone#all right one for "resident"
(excitedly) that is me#(dusts hands) well that is it
(annoyed) one stinkin' letter ? why'd you make us gather 'round like that ?#(sweetly) i needed my power fix (satisfied sigh)
"congratulations your child or children have been selected to appear in who is who among american elementary school students"#(huge gasp) (loud belch)
yeah lis she is a smart sophisticated woman (furious winking) now let's hear more about that big big reward#yeah quit stalling marge we want our reward
ext fun center  parking lot  moments later)#(stretching sound) man it feels good to get out of that car (sees something) ooo gocarts c'mon everybody let's go
(stretching sound) man it feels good to get out of that car (sees something) ooo gocarts c'mon everybody let's go#(giggles) look at me bart i am driving
cram it ma'am#(cocky) stand back and watch the pro
uh should not you put on a batting helmet ?#nah they mess up my hair
nah they mess up my hair#ooh (smug) ball one
ooh (smug) ball one#ball two (chuckles) this bozo's gonna walk me
ball two (chuckles) this bozo's gonna walk me#hey
hey#you are going down you
you are going down you#(gets hit) oh (gets hit) oh (gets hit yells gets hit yells) why you (gets hit yells) hey you (gets hit yells) you better (gets hit yells) i am gonna (gets hit yells) if you k (gets hit yells keeps getting hit)
int simpson house  kitchen  later that afternoon)#i rolled up all the socks
i rolled up all the socks#(eager) what is next ?
(taking sock ball) while i deal with this why do not you start on that basket ?#(chipper) all right
(chipper) all right#(groan) i hate folding sheets
that is your underwear#well whatever it is it is a twoman job where is bart ?
he is up in his room (calling) bart ?#it is okay marge i will get him (yelling at top of lungs) baart
(covering) no no i am pretty sure he is with milhouse#(short beat then really loud out window) milhouse
(faint yell) what ?#(still yelling) tell bart to come home
(faint yell) i think he is at nelson's#(still yelling) who is nelson ?
oh yes and punish lisa for lying to us#(stern) all right young lady i want you to march yourself directly to the kwikemart and get me some chips and a beer
better#(sweetly) and get a little something for yourself sweetheart
int simpson house  top of basement stairs  continuous)#(tumbling scream then resumes happy whistling)
mmm what do you think he is doing up there ?#i'unno drug lab ?
drug lab ?#or reading comic books what am i kreskin ? you tell me what he is doing
int simpson house  kitchen  a little later)#oh man this is the most exciting thing i have seen since haley's comet collided with the moon
that never happened dad#sure it did not
hmm it is starting to cool down i will bake another pie#ooo how 'bout cherry this time ? and would it kill you to make some coffee ?
ooo how 'bout cherry this time ? and would it kill you to make some coffee ?#why is this taking so long ? bart was born in about five minutes
actually it took fiftythree hours#really ? well the time just flew by did not it ?
i see a neck#i see a horn
(confused) a horn ?#(shocked gasps and shrieks)
man those are some funkylookin' birds#aww (giggles) ohh you look like a little tiny dinosaur (baby talk)
aww (giggles) ohh you look like a little tiny dinosaur (baby talk)#(pained scream) that is one vicious baby bird
you are a lizard#enough bickering i know how to settle this
no kickboxing#(disappointed moan)
(disappointed moan)#if anyone wants me i will be eating alone in the basement
let us roll#stupid cards
(annoyed murmur)#i am proud of you boy (leaning to sniff candle) mmmm loganberry
int simpson house  tv room  continuous)#the chair ? (disappointed moan) how come they only do crucifixions during sweeps ?
(in crowd) dibs on the liver#(into phone) woo hoo (hangs up) marge they found a donor i am saved
this is genuine human hair#(worried) this is legal right ?
int simpson house  living room  later)#who wants to see their sexy new daddy ?
(mixed with bart and lisa) (gasp) oooohwoo (then) wow if your fly weren't open you would look just like roger moore#later chickiepie
ooh ooolala simpson huh what can i do for you and your new do ?#you sent me to the chair
(gasp puzzled) snake ? but you are dead#(ominous) i know you are but what am i ?
ext simpson house  the next morning  establishing)#it is hammer time snitchy
 and the fluffy kitten played with that ball of string all through the night on a lighter note a kwikemart clerk was brutally murdered last night#oh my god
(upbeat) ah morning homer ah you are looking unusually focused this morning#shut your squeal hole booze jockey i am gonna like totally waste you
(surprised grunt)#yoink
(alarmed) do not you get it ? he swore he'd kill me too i am next#do not worry i will protect you (hair sproings) little dude
do not worry i will protect you (hair sproings) little dude#there now no murderers can get in (hair sproings)or out
(confused) dad ?#you are sooo dead
nooo#(grunts) come here you little (grunts)
(quickly) my school picture#daddy would like a word with you barty (chuckles then grunts)
(scared noises) you have got to fight the hair dad#but i look so youthful and hunky
but i look so youthful and hunky#the kid's gotta die
the kid's gotta die#but i love my son
but i love my son#more than a lush head of hair ?
more than a lush head of hair ?#(conflicted noises) do not make me choose
(conflicted noises) do not make me choose#(evil laugh)
(evil laugh)#nooooo
nooooo#i love you son
(screams muffled) get off of me#i will show you hair
i will show you hair#(punching noises)
(pained grunts then muffled) ow that is my face you idiot#idiot ? why you little
idiot ? why you little#(strangling noises)
(strangled noises)# show you
(strangled noise)# i will kill you
homer simpson you are under arrest for the murders of moe szyslak and apu (stumbling) nahasa  pasa  uh just moe just moe#it wasn't me it was the hair
(disapproving murmur) oh homer you are not going as a hobo again ?#(mouth full) going where ?
well we are leaving and remember no itchy and scratchy (beat concerned murmur) i better take these batteries just to be sure#(singing) mama took those batteries / she took 'em away / mama took those batteries / size double a
int simpson house  tv room  continuous)#(intrigued) ooh how are bart and lisa gonna get out of this one ?
(terrified screams)#boring
(yelling) dad you gotta get us out of here use the remote#huh ? oh okay (looks down at remote) let's see "pause" "three" no "fafa"
(screams)#hee hee hee hee look how cute they are
hee hee hee hee look how cute they are#(laughs) look at him go
she is teething look her very first baby tooth#(mixed with bart and lisa) ohh (disgusted noise gulp) ahh
(mixed with bart and homer) oh geez#i just lost my appetite
me too#wait mine came back
wait mine came back#i know how to cheer you up
i know how to cheer you up#this little piggy went to kwikemart this little piggy went nuts this little piggy went surfing and this little piggy went
this little piggy went to kwikemart this little piggy went nuts this little piggy went surfing and this little piggy went#(surprised gasp) ooh
i hear all#(proudly) look marge maggie lost her baby legs
homer do something the ceiling's not a safe place for a young baby#(tired sigh) all right i got it (jabbing noises) come on get off the (grunts)
(tired sigh) all right i got it (jabbing noises) come on get off the (grunts)#bad baby (pained grunts then whiny) oh she is entering the terrible twos all right
(short frightened yell)#is there anything you can prescribe doctor ?
we will return with "how dracula got his groove back"#hello (rolling eyes) oh great mormons
(head in hands) oh lord i was hoping this day would never come#huh ? what are you talking about ?
(sighs) i guess i have been in denial (to homer) homer kang is maggie's father#(gasps then short scream) you intergalactic hussy how could you ? (sobs then abruptly) was he better than me ?
ladies and gentlemen meet kang#(bigger groan)
and now she must return home to rigel 7 where she will be guaranteed a lucrative civil service job for life#well we can not compete with that but
homer how did it feel to learn your baby was fathered by a drooling space octopus ?#it made me angry jerry angry and tired
well you are about to get a whole lot angrier because we have the extramarital extraterrestrial backstage in a soundproof booth where he can not hear us#(while punching) oneeyed twotiming (bleeped cursing) i am gonna (bleeped cursing)
(smiling) suckers#(taking maggie from marge sweetly) c'mon maggie let's go home
dad wake up wake up wake up#(waking up sounds then disappointed moan) oh i was having the most wonderful dream i had a hat and a tie with no pants on
yeah yeah anyway you promised to take us to the lake#(goodnatured) i promise you kids lots of things that is what makes me such a good father
actually keeping promises would make you a good father#no that would make me a great father
(waking up crabby) yes we will go to the darn lake now go back to bed it is four am#aw four am now i will never get back to
aw four am now i will never get back to#(singing) "magilla gorilla gorilla for sale" (magilla voice) hey you should nota oughta taken my banana mr peebles (savage gorilla roar)
(alarmed) homer your spine#(dismissive snort) screw this hang on everyone we are takin' the ol' simpson shortcut
whooa#(to other cars) so long suckers
ext grassy area  a few minutes later)#(chuckle) eat my dust suckers
stop calling everyone suckers#mmmm ugh pesticides (takes another bite) carbomate if i am not mistaken yep carbomate
tree#(calmly) i see it
(curious murmur) this is such a secluded area i wonder who lives in that house ?#well way out in the sticks like this it could only be hillbillies
so i suppose that is a hillbilly jacuzzi ?#(scared noises) lower lower
(scared noises) lower lower#yep that is where they cook up their "vittles"
hey here come the simpsons (growing concern) nnow be careful homer there is a fella in the sand right in front of ya (scream)#(chipper) okay remember where we parked
there you go and i assume you have read the boat safety manual#(grabbing keys from clerk) oh yeah could not put it down
(grabbing keys from clerk) oh yeah could not put it down#c'mon boy let's get me a sixpack
uh sir you can not operate a boat under the influence of alcohol#ohhh that sounds like a wager to me
ohhh that sounds like a wager to me#life jackets ?
check#tow rope ?
secure#skier ?
ready#(starts engines) here we go
(quickly) she is down#(impressed) ooh look at it go
i do not know i think dad might be a little heavy for parasailing#(looking down) faster marge faster the snapping turtles are massing
(looking down) faster marge faster the snapping turtles are massing#heads up comin' through look out hey volley ball can i play later ? hi apu
oh dear you have ruined my work you flying fat man#(series of pained noises)
(series of pained noises)#(soothed sound)
step on it mom dad's signaling that he wants to go higher#(under water) higher
(under water) higher#byebye fishies higher higherrr
byebye fishies higher higherrr#i am soaring soaring majestically like a candy wrapper caught in an updraft higher marge higher
it will not go any #higher i say i want to soar higher than any man has ever soared i want to look down on the clouds with contempt i want to sneer at god's creation and spit on his  (suddenly worried) uhoh
there goes my turn#(frantic whimpers) oh this is not good
(frantic whimpers) oh this is not good#aw nuts
int house  bedroom  continuous)#(waking up noises) what ? (then annoyed) oh already ?
(startled scream) what the hell ?#sorry lady (realizing gasps) i know you you are kim basinger ("bassinger")
it is basinger#ohhh my god i am such a huge huge fan of yours miss basinger ("bassinger")
thanks listen you think you could slide over a little ?#(coquettish) well i am a married man
(pained groan from under homer)#billy baldwin
(pained) i am alec baldwin could you get off me ?#so what are you two kids doin' in my neck of the woods ?
well#(interrupting) wait tell me over breakfast who is for pancakes ?
are you sure you do not want to go to the hospital mr simpson ? you had an awful lot of glass in you#oh i do not want to be a bother anyway what are you two big hollywood stars doing in good ol' springfield ?
hm sometimes we need to get away from hollywood la is just so phony#oh why did not you move to sayyy bethesda ?
what we really like here is the privacy most people do not even know where springfield is#yeah tell you the truth i am not even sure
(covering) i am gonna eat it later#a gallon of wheat grass juice a five pound wad of tofu some jellied zinc and a couplea pairs of $600 sunglasses
a gallon of wheat grass juice a five pound wad of tofu some jellied zinc and a couplea pairs of $600 sunglasses#you should not have to survive on dry crumbly muffins from (checks card) the gersh agency you should let me do your shopping i know where i can get you some great muffins
(sternly) no more muffins#okay fine but i could do all kinds of stuff for you i noticed that skylight in your bedroom's broken
yeah i am not sure we need an assistant mr simpson#(correcting) please homer c'mon if you let me hang around a while i can do all kinds of stuff for ya
i suppose we could give it a try#yeah you owe me that much
will you promise to keep our secret ?#absolutely if you promise to keep mine
okay what is it ?#(ashamed) i can not read
(tentatively) but you just read that card from the gersh agency#(sadly) i recognized the logo
we have been looking all over for you dad where did you land ?#nowhere famous
where'd you get that muffin ?#gersh agency
ext kwikemart  the next day)#apu i am about to purchase some weird and fruity items and i do not want any guff first of all i will need the following mushrooms portobello 
yes#porcini 
right#chanterelle 
uhhuh#aaand shiitake
mister simpson these exotic items are suspiciously different from your usual order of beer and pork what gives ?#(covering nervously) nothing nothing i am just broadening my horizons uh by the way do you have extrawide bumper stickers for a humvee ?
when you win one you can take care of it however you want#ooo meow
ooo meow#(eagerly) i will get it i will get it
(eagerly) i will get it i will get it#yes ?
hi i am ron howard#ron howard ?
yeah i am lookin' for alec baldwin and kim basinger#alec baldwin and kim basinger ?
oh that is just homer he is a new friend of ours#(touched) really ? you giant stars consider me a friend ? well for the first time in my life i feel like i am somebody ronny are you also my close friend ?
(reacting to homer's breath) do i smell vodka and wheat grass ?#it is called a lawnmower i invented it you want one ?
ooh i will have one of those too (to kim and alec) hey can i crash here tonight ?#sure we will all stay
(confused) a cell phone ? last thursday's "variety" ?#(short gasp) i will do that you go upstairs and have a beer
oh they do not come much bigger than that#(derisive snort) kent brockman please
(derisive snort) kent brockman please#(covering) well you know me i love animals beef chicken veal if you are not part of the solution marge you are part of the problem
but that is not what peta stands#(into phone) imagine films
(confused murmur)#(off marge's suspicious look) a uh division of um homerco
int alec and kim's house  gym  the next day)#and lift and strain and hyperextend keep those knees rigid jerk that lower back
(pained grunts) homer i am feeling some sharp pains in my neck#that is right force it whip that neck
um does anybody know where this came from ?#(phony) oh there is that movie script i wrote where did you find it ?
on my pillow#the important thing is it is got the perfect part for you (to kim) either one of you it is about a killer robot driving instructor who travels back in time for some reason ron howard's attached to direct
i am not#well he expressed an interest
no i did not#did too
i did not#you lie
yeah homer um most movie scripts are 120 pages this is only seventeen (flipping through script) annnd several of the pages are just drawings of the time machine#so you are saying you do not want to star in my movie ?
i am sorry homer#well if alec is out i am out too you are on your own potsie
oh what ? i suppose you have seen a bigger star ?#(coy) i might have
come on make with a name#(pained) oh i can not i promised i would not
(statesmanlike) tell the people homer they have a right to know about the celebrity summer house#(to thought bubble) who the hell are you ?
what do you care ? i am telling you what you want to hear#all right i am gonna let you guys in on something but you have got to keep it much more secret than i did
yess in your freckled face howard#(shaking head under breath) unbelievable ?
(defensive) what ?#(covering) nothing nothing good hustle
(gravely) my god the lemonade look at the lemonade#(guilty) uhoh
somebody must have told them we live here#(to ron accusing) i am looking at you horshak
homer how could you ?#(confessing) okay okay it was me i am sorry i blew your secret but you do not know what it is like to be a nobody i just wanted to bask in your reflected glory reflected glory
homer you betrayed our confidence i just do not think we can be friends anymore#(pathetically) but where will i bask ?
anywhere but here#(dejected) come on ron we are not wanted here
(dejected) come on ron we are not wanted here#all right i will go (to alec) but the next time you want someone to remind you which brother is which (to kim) or smell your hair while you are sleeping just remember old homer will not be here anymore
int simpson house  dining room  later that day)#(mopey) oh how could alec and kim just cut me out of their lives ?
homer you have not touched your food#(wistful) when kim makes a manwhich she uses foccacia bread and would it kill you to put some fennel in it ?
alec baldwin wow that is the coolest person you have ever been fired by what was it like at their house ?#oh it was so great i did not have to fake it with them i was actually excited to hear about their day
i washed the dog today#was it the dog from the beethoven movies ?
of course not#(disappointed moan) our dog is not famous and you kids are not exactly john and joan cusack (to marge) and you you could not open a movie if your life depended on it i am about ready to ankle this family
(exasperated) "ankle" ? "foccacia" ? what are you talking about ?#see ? it is like we do not even speak the same language anymore the only one who understands me is that guy who married martha raye
do not blame us dad the celebrities are the ones who canned you#(thinks then) hmmm she may not be famous but she is right those big shot stars used me up and spit me out (going through receipts in pockets) i did their laundry got their pictures developed took their garbage to the dump and i have still got a car full of their crap (getting an idea) crap eh ?
(chuckling to self) i never get tired of that#attention starstruck fools
attention starstruck fools#step right up and see the world's greatest mobile collection of alecandronandkimarabilia
step right up and see the world's greatest mobile collection of alecandronandkimarabilia#only 5 no wait 10 dollars you heard right 20 dollars
hey it is alec baldwin's medicalert bracelet#(mocking) that is right mister tough guy can not handle a little penicillin (holding up a can) oh and look at this we can not even pay our bills and they are drinking (snooty) royal crown cola
(amid yelling) we love celebrities#oh yeah ? what have they ever done for you ? when was the last time barbra streisand cleaned out your garage ? and when it is time to do the dishes where is ray bolger ? i will tell ya ray bolger is lookin' out for ray bolger
(disgusted sound) next#why you little (attacking noise)
i am really looking forward to seeing homer again he always has the most interesting odors#(girlish singsong) ooh look at me i am kim basinger the big movie star i am so beautiful i think i am so great i am too important to take homer to the oscars
what the   ?#(seeing celebs short panicked shriek) (to crowd quickly) gottagothankyouforsupportingthemuseumofhollywoodjerks
int winnebago  a minute later)#oh i will never outrun them in a museum
pull over you maniac#(scared) no
(pissed) fine#(scared noise)
not well but i will give it a shot#oh god
(banging window) you killed ron howard#(small voice) okay i will stop
mr simpson do you have anything to say for yourself ?#(standing) yes i do
(standing) yes i do#i believe that famous people have a debt to everyone if celebrities did not want people pawing through their garbage and saying they are gay they should not have tried to express themselves creatively
i believe that famous people have a debt to everyone if celebrities did not want people pawing through their garbage and saying they are gay they should not have tried to express themselves creatively#in closing you people must realize that the public owns you for life and when you are dead you will all be in commercials dancing with vacuum cleaners (to judge) thank you your honor
woo hoo#(finding the bright side) well i will always have my crank calls (quickly pulls out cel phone and dials) hello old lady from "titanic" ? you stink (giggles)
worthless old geezers#all righty i will just (horrible straining noises) you stinkin' g (more straining and cursing then exhausted panting)
i will say#but with college behind us we will need careers and good ones
or begging i know a place that'll saw your legs off#slow down fellas i have got a way we can keep our legs and still have a bright future
now you are dreaming#oh am i ?
of course nuclear power#it is the job of tomorrow today
really ?#well that settles it for all those reasons and more let us choose an electrifying career in (calling offscreen) line
(whispering annoyed) nuclear power#(whispering annoyed) nuclear power
hey#(excited) pretty good huh ?
i did not quite get the point of it dad why would lenny want someone to saw his legs off ?#(shrugs) well there were script problems from day one
did not seem like anybody even read the script#that was the problem the important thing is after all these years of paying my dues i am finally getting some decent parts
form) you are joining the screen actor's guild ?#i did not choose to be a gifted actor marge it chose me i am merely a vessel through which genius flows now help me make up some phony credits
fat guy number three ?#(writing) good good
hey what the heck is your middle name anyway ?#(puzzled) you know i have no idea hey dad what does the "j" stand for ?
it was your mother's job to name ya and love ya and such i was mainly in it for the spanking#but i can not ask mom she is on the run from the law
you might as well you already made up a phony film credit#no homer simpson does not lie twice on the same form he never has and he never will
you lied dozens of times on our mortgage application#yeah but they were all part of a single ball of lies the point is i am a grown man and i deserve a middle name
(considering) hmm i know where we might find your missing moniker it is a bit of a drive but on the way we can have a nice father son chat#great i will go shoot myself for bringing this up
this is the hippie commune your mother ran off to when life with me became a living hell#(awed) wow look at this place there is a pond for skinny dippin' a tire for skinny swingin' i can actually feel the good vibrations
(awed) wow look at this place there is a pond for skinny dippin' a tire for skinny swingin' i can actually feel the good vibrations#(reacting to sting mellow) oww ch
(cheerful) is that abe simpson ? geez man we have not seen you since woodstock#(to grampa amazed) you went to woodstock ?
oh homer j how do you keep your hair so rich and full ?#(as he plays sitar sagely) lather rinse and repeat always repeat
homer j will you teach us to make love ?#(intrigued) wow i could have lived like that ?
(changing subject) aaanyway ii still think about her every time i walk by that mural she painted#(touched gasp) ohh my mother painted that for me ?
(touched gasp) ohh my mother painted that for me ?#oh my god my middle name is right behind that shrub i will finally know what "j" stands for from this moment forth i will be known as homerjay simpson (wiping away a tear) it is so beautiful what a magical gift for my mother to leave me
she also left her old poncho#i will treasure this poncho forever
just lyin' around never workin' without a care in#(continuing grampa's thought inspired) my head full of long luxurious hippie hair i will do it
whuh ?#i am gonna be a hippie just like mom wanted i am gonna let my spirit soar and love all of god's creatures
i am gonna be a hippie just like mom wanted i am gonna let my spirit soar and love all of god's creatures#get off you stupid dog
int simpson house  tv room  a few days later)#okay if i am gonna be a real hippie i have to learn from the master mr bob "flower child" hope
(to camera) now i know how dean rusk feels (then upbeat trademark wave) g'night everybody#bummer lovein dean rusk by george i have got it
dad do you mind ? your feet are really close to my potato#your potato ? you can not like own a potato man it is one of mother earth's creatures (belches)
homer excuse yourself#no way narc bodily functions are a natural thing
and that poncho is filthy let me dryclean it for you#(plaintive noise) why do you have to turn everything into one big plastic hassle ? marge you have got too many hangups like the whole shaving trip c'mon i want to see those legs all furry and gross
i see#well at least lose the bra free the "springfield two" marge free the "springfield two"
my eyes have been soiled#c'mon maude the human wang is a beautiful thing
homer for god sakes put your poncho on#okay okay (under breath) narc
ext groovy grove  later)#heads up
(amused chuckle) my man you have gone granola#right on
join the hack#that was cool think i will stick around (puts his arms around them) we have got everything we need right here good times sunshine free love (bob hope growl)
okay time to get back to work#work ? but you are hippies
int barn  continuous)#(confused sound) what is this place ?
we grow our own vegetables and process them right here and we give half the profits to war orphans#(disgusted) profits profits profits what kinda hippies are you ? peter fonda must be spinning in his grave
wwe are just trying to pay the bills homer i mean we are still hippies at heart#oh yeah ? when is the last time you freaked out the establishment ? you guys are total sellouts
wait do not you work for a nuclear power plant ?#look we can sit here all day and play the blame game or we can start freaking people out c'mon where is your freak bus ?
i drive a saturn#a saturn ?
yeah an oldtime freakout sounds tempting homer but we have got a big order to fill#(preachy) fine i guess the juice business is more important than the ideals our hippie forefathers refused to go to war and die for
(growing enthusiasm) hey we will call it a business trip and write off the mileage#now your freak flag's flying let the freakout begin woo hoo
now your freak flag's flying let the freakout begin woo hoo#ohh we are never gonna freak anybody out with this music i brought something from my personal stash that'll blow some minds
ext springfield street  a little later)#(through megaphone) hey square expand your mind the doors of perception are open for business
(laughs) thanks for the tip homer#(goofily) never fear the cosmic fool is here to blow the lid off your conformist buttondown world (mindblowing noises)
weirdos#hi marge (proudly) we are freaking out squares
oh lord#what is in your brand new bag mama ?
uh it is that pair of dockers you wanted 48 waist with the balloon seat right ?#(embarrassed noise then whiny) marge not in front of the hippies
oh please god do not let them come in here#hear ye hear ye the intergalactic jester proclaims this conformity factory closed
hear ye hear ye the intergalactic jester proclaims this conformity factory closed#woo hoo
that was fun i do not know if we actually freaked anyone out but #no no no marge was definitely freaked out
our entire shipment is ruined#uh (chuckling nervously) pretty uh freaky huh ?
the only people who are going be freaked out are our stockholders#i am sensing some negative vibes here but i promise tomorrow's freakout will go a lot smoother
(losing patience) there will not be any more freakouts you are not a hippie and you never were#yes (stammering) bbbut the poncho
ext groovy grove  moments later)#(stammering) bbbut the poncho
(stammering) bbbut the poncho#uhoh
int simpson house  living room)#(sadly) aww it was sweet of those guys to blame an oaf but really it was my fault i just do not have the discipline to be a hippie
(hopeful) ooh does this mean you are going to start showering again ?#(philosophically) perhaps in time
aw cheer up dad you make a great hippie#aww you are just saying that
and the soles of your feet are jet black#(modestly) well i do walk through pretty much anything ohh you kids are sweet
i know you feel bad about the juice incident but i am sure you can make up for it somehow#(getting idea) that is it somehow
ext groovy grove  farm house  two am)#sleep gentle hippies sleep let old homer jay set things right
ext barn  morning  establishing)#(to munchie) good morning starshine (adding) seth
(looking around) wwhat happened to our crops ?#i picked 'em juiced 'em and delivered 'em to every store in town your business is saved
but there weren't enough vegetables left to fill that order#heh that is what i thought at first but then i found the other garden behind the barn  the one with the camouflage netting
(crushed) homer those were our "personal vegetables"#(upbeat) well now the whole town can benefit from their nutrients
officer please we can explain#not so fast pig we are making a stand a freaky stand you can smash this drug barn all you want but first you will have to smash our heads open like ripe melons
oh for the love of (hands it back to eddie) there now let's crack some skulls#seth munchie they can destroy our bodies and our ponchos but they can never silence our song of protest (singing somberly) "uptown girl / she is been living in her whitebread world" (to seth and munchie) come on guys (starts to sing again) uptown girl
forget the clubs just shoot him#(scornful) look at yourselves pointing guns at your fellow man
(scornful) look at yourselves pointing guns at your fellow man#(over cops' faces) hatred is a cage that keeps us from soaring free yes the sixties may be dead and gone and its spirit long since extinguished but its ideals live on
(over cops' faces) hatred is a cage that keeps us from soaring free yes the sixties may be dead and gone and its spirit long since extinguished but its ideals live on#freedom
freedom#love
love#and peace
and peace#(annoyed grunt)
(chuckles) i am a doctor not a gardener#can not you just prune some of the leaves so i can watch tv ?
(shivers)#that is no fun
mmmennnnonite minister will be giving a guest sermon next sunday go in peace aaaa (coughs)#(warning) do not make me come up there
(quickly) men#woo hoo
no no one's "going catholic" three children is enough thank you#hang in there son i am taking us out for our traditional sunday brunch
hang in there son i am taking us out for our traditional sunday brunch#he zinged you marge
int "eatie gourmet's"  continuous)#brunch is served
i feel guilty coming here every sunday and never actually buying anything#why ? we are following the rules  (spears some food and eats it) if it has a toothpick in it it is free
int eatie gourmet's  frozen food aisle  continuous)#cherry garcia (disgusted noise) honey bono desmond tutti fruitti (disgusted noise) lisa help daddy find some normal flavors
candy warhol ? xavier nougat ?#nooo nothing made of dead guys what is in the back ?
nooo nothing made of dead guys what is in the back ?#hurry up my hands are getting cold
oh my goodness homer get her out of there#(disappointed moan)
(disappointed moan)#(grossed out) sherbet hoover ?
(to lisa) oh we have got to get you home to a warm blanket and a cold compress#(intrigued) ooooh
(intrigued) ooooh#(grunts)
(wise guy voice) (clears throat) those are eight dollars a pound sport#hmmm eight dollars a pound times say oh five pounds is ummm let's see how many pounds in a gallon ? (sad) oh i can not afford that
hmmm eight dollars a pound times say oh five pounds is ummm let's see how many pounds in a gallon ? (sad) oh i can not afford that#(getting an idea) (gasp) unless
int simpson house  living room  later that day)#(sly chuckle) i tell ya i am a financial genius i buy an eightdollar lobster fatten it into an eightydollar lobster and eat the profits
lobsters need salt water#i am way ahead of you
dad the fish#hold on i am still finetuning
hold on i am still finetuning#(eveningout sounds) uhoh
(eveningout sounds) uhoh#(eveningout sounds) perfect
(concerned) ohh you do not sound so good we'd better get you some cold medicine#no problem i picked some up at the store
(touched) oh homie you made breakfast#nothing's too good for my one and only
nothing's too good for my one and only#(to lobster mothering) eat eat you are nothing but skin and bones
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#(thinking it through) okay together we weigh three hundred pounds according to my driver's license i weigh 140 pounds
(thinking it through) okay together we weigh three hundred pounds according to my driver's license i weigh 140 pounds#that means that you weigh (really excited) one hundred and sixty pounds (then patting lobster) ohhoho you are doin' great
("echoing") brown brown brown#(falling sounds)
int simpson house  living room  day)#good news my delicious friend you are going to be a freerange lobster
good news my delicious friend you are going to be a freerange lobster#c'mon boy dig in (selling) they will give you a big strong thorax
c'mon boy dig in (selling) they will give you a big strong thorax#(touched) aw look at him cower just like the boy i can not stay mad at such a helpless little mammal
(touched) aw look at him cower just like the boy i can not stay mad at such a helpless little mammal#(giggles playfully spits out water) oh i am gonna get you for that you little scamp
(giggles playfully spits out water) oh i am gonna get you for that you little scamp#(playful noises) take that pinchy (more giggles)
(eyeing lobster) ooh so plump and juicy (ravenous murmur) he is gonna boil up nicely (slurping sound)#(to lobster) well i guess this is it ol' pal this is your big day
the water's boiling quick chuck him in#uh
come on chuck him in#okay
let's go in the pot in the pot#but marge look at the little guy
he looks like an ordinary ow son of a#(thrilled) feel that marge ? he likes you
int simpson house  kitchen  later)#and now for the main course
and now for the main course#steamed maine cabbages
(clears throat) pardon me for asking but where the hell's my stupid lobster ?#we are not eating mr pinchy he is part of the family now
we are not eating mr pinchy he is part of the family now#pinchy i made you some risotto
(mixed with bart) daddd#(to lisa) what is your problem veggie ? you do not even eat lobster
oh it just turned up in the course of my daily rummaging by the way i oiled the hinge on your diary#(nudging lobster) are not you proud of your big sister mr pinchy ? hmm ? hmm ?
(stands upset) uh i am sick of everyone being so proud of me#(calls to lisa proud) that is my girl
ext springfield public beach  day)#(to lobster) relax boy we are not gonna cook you enjoy your day at the beach (sees something) ooh look
(to lobster) relax boy we are not gonna cook you enjoy your day at the beach (sees something) ooh look#here's a little playmate for you
here's a little playmate for you#hey you do not have to take that from no punkass crab what is wrong with you ?
state comptroller atkins#wooo
come on up here lisa#(horrified gasp then short scream)
(annoyed murmur) who left these muddy claw prints on my clean floor ?#sorry marge pinchy got all dirty in the yard chasing birds but do not worry i put him in a nice hot bath
hey what smells so good ?#yeah (calling upstairs) pinchy ? (growing panic) pinchy ? oh pinchy
yeah (calling upstairs) pinchy ? (growing panic) pinchy ? oh pinchy#(sobbing)
int simpson kitchen  continuous)#(sobbing sounds then takes a bite) oh man that is good (finger lick more sobbing) pass the butter (more sobbing)
(irritated) are you gonna eat that all by yourself ?#(nods teary) uhhuh pinchy would have wanted it this way (more sobbing) my dear sweet pinchy (shoves in forkfull chewing) no more pain where you are now boy
(nods teary) uhhuh pinchy would have wanted it this way (more sobbing) my dear sweet pinchy (shoves in forkfull chewing) no more pain where you are now boy#(slurping sound) oh god that is tasty i wish pinchy were here to enjoy this (sobs but does not lean his head over to the side and continues eating) ohhh pinchy
hip hip#hey i am trying to drive here
hey dad that light says "check engine"#uhoh tape must have fallen off
uhoh tape must have fallen off#there problem solved
oh come on#relax she just needs a little lovin'
int simpson car)#(panicked) come on come on come on start damn you start
(from outside car singing) happy birthday to me happy birthday to me#(anguished wails)
(startled shriek)#two hours ? why'd they build this ghost town so far away ?
because they discovered gold right over there#it is because they are stupid that is why that is why everybody does everything
founded by prostitutes in 1849 and serviced by prostitute express riders who could bring in a fresh prostitute from st joe in three days bloodbath gulch quickly became known as a place where a trail hand could spend a month's pay in three minutes#(impressed) three minutes ? (whistles)
uh yes sir ?#do we have to listen to you ?
(a little hurt) oh well no you do not but if you have any interest in history#(quickly) i am done
wow have you ever seen so many robot cowboys ?#(calling) hey robot get your fat metal ass down here
first of all i am not a robot and second i got this metal ass in 'nam defending this country for lazy jerks like you (suddenly friendly) now what'll you have partner ?#let's see (counting heads) one two three six whiskeys
we only serve sarsparilla mac no alcohol#(disappointed sound)
(to homer) you can get drunk when we get home#duh
(mechanically) let's forget this whole thing happened#what the heck is this a tea party ? somebody kill somebody
help me please i am sick#(huge laugh)
homer#but it is funny marge the guy's sick
can i go to the bathroom before we leave ?#(whiny) oh we have gotta get home i do not wanna miss "inside the actor's studio" (eager) tonight it is f murray abraham
but i really need to#(firmly) f murray abraham
(pained noises then pointing) there is a rest area pull over#can not stop now we are making great time
(pained noises) can i go behind a tree ?#what are you an animal ?
ext freeway  later)#whoever keeps saying "please stop" back there better quit it
int simpson car  later)#wow get a load of that toilet
please go back you can make it my birthday present#we are almost home dad only a couple more times over the horizon
but i might explode#(sweetly) you just sit back and relax (tousling grampa's hair) i am not gonna let anything happen to my old dad
oh no#(philosophically) yep that is what happens when you get older it is one of those natural things beautiful in its way
uh actually his kidneys were fine yesterday when he had his annual checkup#excuse me doctor i think i know a little something about medicine
homer with all due respect this xray reveals a textbook kidney blowout  which would explain those loud pops you heard#so you are saying i do not need a new muffler ?
(chuckles) i am amazed you are alive now#(genuine dismay) oh i blame myself for this
(genuine dismay) oh i blame myself for this#c'mon doc there is gotta be something i can do to help my dad
well you could give him a kidney#a kidney ? (nonchalant) okay fine
you see the waiting list for a kidney is very long and#i said "fine" what is it about the word "sure" you do not understand ?
int simpson house  living room)#pork chops sloppy joes hot dogs and pork chops ?
besides nothing's too good for a wonderful generous man like you#well now that is what i always thought but somehow
check it out dad i rented all your favorite gorilla movies "gorilla squadron" "gorilla island vi"#(gasp) "apesapoppin'" oooh the airline version
can i fluff your pillow ?#(nodding) nothing's too good for me
(nodding) nothing's too good for me#ahhh i am the luckiest man in the world now that lou gehrig's dead
well i gotta hand it to you homer you are really brave to go through with this operation#it is not an operation moe the doctor says it is just a procedure
nah nah no makin' polenta that is a procedure you are talkin' about deadly lifethreatening surgery here#(getting nervous) really ? you think it is dangerous ?
oh yeah and and even if you survive the operation #(correcting) procedure deadly procedure
whatever the point is with only one kidney you will not be able to drink yourself stupid no more#now you are just tryin' to scare me
plus they will put you on one of those organ donor sucker lists everybody who wants an eyeball or a spine or a vestigial tail will be after you#(plaintive) but i do not want that
listen i am just gonna get right to the point here can i have your buttocks ? i mean if you die they look pretty comfortable#(morose) yeah i guess
and uh are those your original lips ?#well actually i (catching himself) hey quit harvesting me with your eyes (offended noise)
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#marge i have been thinking what if instead of donating one of my old wornout kidneys i gave grampa that artificial kidney i invented ?
oh homer that was just a beer can with a whistle glued to it#(sad moan) but i do not want them cutting up my soft supple body why did not somebody tell me what i was volunteering for ? this is everybody's fault but mine
(tousling homer's hair tenderly) i love you son#(wistful) i owe dad so much those bedtime stories began my lifelong love affair with the printed word
well giving him a kidney is a wonderful way to show him how you feel#(thoughtful) you are right marge i will do it but if i die during the operation will you do one thing for me ?
ohh anything sweetheart#blow up the hospital
(worried murmur then frowns) well i said i'd do it so i guess i will have to#that is my girl
dr martins to podiatry#(reading) "liability waiver ?"
do not read it just sign it#yeah but all these skulls and crossbones on here i do not usually sign stuff like that
it simply says you will not hold us responsible if you die as a result of gross negligence it is a standard form#(worried) oh
i love you son#i love you dad
ext train tracks)#(panicky grunts)
ext waterfront  later)#i am not worthy to live among civilized people
i am not worthy to live among civilized people#even those guys look too civilized for me
even those guys look too civilized for me#(short gasp) i could live at sea the sea forgives all (bitter) not like those mean old mountains i hate them so much
(short gasp) i could live at sea the sea forgives all (bitter) not like those mean old mountains i hate them so much#(re gown) hmmm the sea will not stand for this
int clothing store  continuous)#uh excuse me i am fleeing in shame and i'd like to look my best
ext ship  deck  a little later)#um can i be a mate on your ship ? preferably first mate
well if you look closely you will see this is a taffy shop shaped like a ship#(sad) oh i like taffy but i do not deserve taffy
ext waterfront  later)#a tramp steamer that is perfect
ext tramp steamer  deck  continuous)#oh i'd like to apply for a job any job if you do not have a captain i could be that
arr what other ships have ye been on ?#(pointing back to shore) i have been on that one the taffy shop
welcome aboard (as we zoom in) "the ship of lost souls"#the name on the back says "honeybunch"
arr i have been meaning to paint over that (leading homer toward cabin) now come and meet the rest of the damned did i mention they are (ominous again as we zoom in) lost souls ?#well actually you did
ahh another lost soul has joined our worldweary (exaggerated french accent) ensemble#say who are you guys ?
(mirthless laugh) who are we ? no one where are we sailing ? nowhere do we even exist ? who knows ?#hheyy let me off this thing
(quickly) oh do not listen to him we exist all right#whew
(solemnly) we wander the seven seas trying to forget#forget what ?
come stranger join our circle of infamy tell us your story of (exagerrated french accent) ennui#well back on land my name was homer simpson and i guess it is here too i promised my dad one of my kidneys but i chickened out at the last minute and left him on his deathbed
i stole this accordion from a blind monkey but you (spitting noise) you disgust even me#well yeah i know
well yeah i know#(frightened yell)
(frightened yell)#(spits out water) that is the last time i trust the strangest people on earth
ext waterfront  beach  day)#(spits and coughs out some water) even the sea will not forgive me
we make a great team son#oh i wish i had that kind of relationship with my father or my kids well i guess it is up to me to take the first step
ext springfield hospital  a little later)#all right this is it no more living in shame i am going to show my family the kind of man i really am
all right this is it no more living in shame i am going to show my family the kind of man i really am#all right i am gonna
(sadly) oh who'm i kiddin' ? i am a goner#no you are not dad
int hospital  operating room)#i am sorry dad the way i behaved was shameful i guess fear made me run away but love made me come back
ext street  continuous)#(panting sounds and whimpering)
oh dear#(short relieved sound) boy that
(short relieved sound) boy that#ow
oh homie i am so glad you are all right#(low groan)
try not to move dad you swallowed a lot of motor oil#i am sorry i ran off again (sad moan) oh i guess dad must be dead by now when i get better and after i have built those shelves for the kitchen we will visit his grave
oh boy i should nota done that#it is a miracle you recovered
it is a miracle you recovered#what ? what ? (noticing something then angrily) hey
while we were setting your broken bones and putting your blood back in we helped ourselves to a kidney and gave it to your father#(short beat then angry) you butchers give it back gimme that gim
(taunting laugh)#(as grampa laughs angry sputtering then yelling) do not you dance out that door you i will get my kidney back old man you have to sleep sometime
yes you have shortened your life significantly so someone else can have a slight extension of theirs#(softening) yeah i guess you are right gimme a hug
(softening) yeah i guess you are right gimme a hug#(as they hug) i do not need two kidneys i have everything i need right here
(as they hug) i do not need two kidneys i have everything i need right here#hmmm
(chuckling) dad you are tickling me#yesss tickling
we will return for the remainder of the conclusion after these messages#well i'd rather get a message than see another lousy commercial
remember it is bimonscificon be there (leans in confidently) and be square#(shrug) well beats work
(anguished wail)#(to family) are you sure this is the scifi convention ? it is full of nerds
as you can see you stand to save up to seventeen cents a month over the more dependable providers#(horrified) nooooooooooo
(hearty agreement) / yeah / star wars#you stupid nerds he is trying to save you money on long distance
that swarm of nerds is gonna kill him#(angry grunts then overly enraged) neeerrrds
(angry grunts then overly enraged) neeerrrds#(grunts) get out of there (grunts)
(grunts) get out of there (grunts)#mr hamill mr mayor come on
who are you ?#homer simpson  nerd buster and i am gettin' you out of here
(pained sound) i can not homer (pained sound) i twisted my ankle you guys go on without me#never
never#(to quimby) follow me
(to quimby) follow me#(defensive) oh how was i supposed to know it is not a real spaceship ?
(looking around) oh my god someone has to go back in for maggie#forget maggie she is gone
wow that was close well thanks a lot homer#well it is all hey i thought you twisted your ankle
i will tell you who him#woo hoo
homer i do not think you were listening to what he just#(firmly) i said "woo hoo"
as a bodyguard your only loyalty is to your protectee not to your family not to your country (pointing in homer's face) not to moohamed#even during ramadan ?
these melons represent your protectees throughout this course you will protect your personal melon as if it was paying your salary#(mouth full gulps) wha ?
okay listen up my goal is to assassinate that watermelon your job is to take the bullet go go go go (aiming gun) pow#(flatly) nooo
(singing a la whitney houston) "and iiieeiiieeiii will always love yooouuu" ha#(calling over shoulder) clear
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#(into radio) the pig is in the poke
you know i really do not care for that code name#look out marge cat
(annoyed sound) i know you are excited about starting your new job but could you just relax for now ?#hold it what is your clearance ?
we just want to get a snack#access denied
homer i do not want you using your new sleeper hold on the children#(dismissive) they will be fine in half an hour
(exasperated sound then nagging) that is not the point and another thing i asked you to take out the garbage three days ago and you still have not#(looks at watch then to himself) hmm still half an hour till dinner (shrugs) oh well
int limo  continuous)#it is a real honor to be guarding your body sir
heh here's a couple of dffenbraus on the house of course#(impressed noise) semiimported (guzzles the bottle) keep 'em comin'
int simpson house  kitchen  night)#(proudly)  and after moe's we went to krustyburger and the mayor got some more change and i ordered a double double but they gave me the double double double double and then apu gave the mayor lots of change for
that "change" was a bribe#oh honey do not be so naive that is how the world works sure the mayor takes a few bribes but he also makes the trains run on time
thank you fat tony however in the future i would prefer a nondescript briefcase to the sack with a dollar sign on it#so how'd you get the nickname "legs" ?
well that is an interesting story it seems president kennedy's father#(thrilled) oooh minicannoli
(thrilled) oooh minicannoli#hey i called that i saw it first come back here
hey i called that i saw it first come back here#(intrigued) milking room ? (coyly turning doorknob) i hope you cows are decent
(intrigued) milking room ? (coyly turning doorknob) i hope you cows are decent#(stunned) oh crap on a crutch (horrified yell)
(stunned) oh crap on a crutch (horrified yell)#(scream) they are milking rats milking rats
int springfield elementary  cafeteria  a moment later)#(sickened sounds)
(sickened sounds)#bart no
dad what a nice surprise#(disgusted sounds) oh get that away from me
(disgusted sounds) oh get that away from me#kids i do not want you drinking any more milk ever
can i still drink it ?#(handing him lisa's carton) go nuts
int city hall  quimby's office  later)#(urgent panting) you monster how could you do that to the children ?
(sheepish chuckle) those wacky gangsters what are you gonna do ?#and to think i respected you (pounds treadmill console) and defended you (pounds) you would not even be alive if it wasn't for me
(scream)#(horrified gasp) (then sheepish) okay we will call it even
(horrified gasp) (then sheepish) okay we will call it even#oh my god i killed the mayor all right stay calm i will just use the body to stage an elaborate farce  la "weekend at bernie's" and
help help#(horrified gasp) his corpse is climbing the building
i am alive you idiot pull me in#a wait a second i am not saving you unless you promise to get that rats' milk out of the schools
but the gangsters will kill me#you are forgetting you have got the best bodyguard in the business now promise or i will let you fall to your death
all right all right i promise#shake on it ?
shake on it ?#relax you are in good hands now come on i will pull you up
i am not so much disappointed as i am blinded with rage#(taunting) ooh the mafia guy's all mad oh what are you gonna do ? call your godfather ? huh ? ooh godfather (fake whimpering then to cops re door) break it down
are not you scared dad ? i mean if i were fat tony and god willing someday i will be i'd just be stewing in my jail cell gettin' madder and madder#oh do not worry about that boy he is already out on bail well i am off to work
you are guarding the mayor tonight ? after fat tony swore revenge ?#it is my duty marge besides those mobsters do not scare me bart would you go start daddy's car ?
homer#what ? there is nothing to worry about
what ? there is nothing to worry about#all right fine i will take a cab
homer i am uh not sure it is wise to go out right now i was thinking of a quiet evening at home with the uh (sighs) wife#oh i get it you are worried about those mobsters are not ya ?
no no i truly do want to stay home with the (very sad) wife#you have gotta snap out of this funk mayor i am gonna take you someplace where you can relax and forget all about gangsters
int dinner theater  maitre d' station  simultaneous)#(taps his shoulder) uh excuse me
(turns) nnyyeeeeeesss ?#do you have a table for the mayor ?
nnyyeeeeeesss#why do you talk that way ?
(praying) dear lord please make tonight's production better than "othello" with peter marshall#okay mr burns fat tony what ishisname fat tony ? (gasp then scared noise)
okay mr burns fat tony what ishisname fat tony ? (gasp then scared noise)#all right fat tony if it is trouble with quimby you are after
please i am only here as a devotee of the lively arts but i do have something for the mayor that perhaps you could deliver#mayor fat tony asked me to give you this
(spits then wiping mouth) you moron that is the kiss of death#(panicky) oh no (then desperate) wait maybe i did not do it right
ah au gratin potatoes that is a quality side#(slurred) nooooooooo
(slurred) nooooooooo#potatoes are clean the poison must be in the steak
(singing a la "hooray for hollywood") " guys and dolls we are just a bunch of crazy guys and dolls oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah guys and dolls" (singing continues in the background) "and oh those dolls we are dancing yeah yeah yeah and gambling yeah yeah yeah"#yesss nobody messes with the mayor when homer simpson's on  (noticing something) aw crap
but i am just here to kill wha#(to quimby) that guy with the knife sure can dance huh ?
he looks awfully familiar#(leafing through playbill) i think i saw him in "rent" or "stomp" or "clomp" or some piece of crap
show is over mayor#look out
look out#(struggling grunts) gimme that knife
no it is mine#(frightened whimpers)
(weakly) homer use the forrr#"the force ?"
(weakly) the forks use the forks#oh
oh#(shaming) oh fat tony
i checked with the doctor he said mayor quimby's gonna be fine and i was electric as nathan detroit what did you think of me ?#(sadly) ohh i'd say you were luminous magnetic (sighs) incandescent
ohh cheer up homer i think you made a great bodyguard#(brightening) really ? would you say i was magnetic ?
absolutely#aww
(annoyed sound then) homer i think you know what to do#(grunts)
shoot i forgot my light saber#(grunts)
oh wait here it is#(grunts) get out of the way you (grunts)
(grunts) get out of the way you (grunts)#(grunts)
i am surprised they bothered to move it when they moved the town#oh i can explain that you see
(doppler insult) hockey puuuuucks#(as he runs chuckling) don rickles zinged you marge
(looking back alarmed) dust#(dramatically) eat my dust dust
(dramatically) eat my dust dust#(surprised sound)
we'd better stop and get the car washed#aaah what is the rush ? might rain next week
hey homer car's kinda dirty#(concerned) really ? you think i should get it washed ?
you listen to your friends but you never listen to me#(not listening) hey that is great
no#(passing by) wuss rock ?
that is it#(upset) ten dollars ? what is this a car wash for millionaires ?
five dollars please#hey how did churchy la femme get half price ?
senior citizen's discount#(dismissive snort) senior citizen ? flanders ?
(dismissive snort) senior citizen ? flanders ?#(suspicious) well we will see about that
now we are going to pass this around a second time brother ned if you will do the honors#(standing up) i would not do that reverend you see "saint flanders" is as crooked as you or me
(confused murmurs) / what is he talking about ? / what is he saying ? / who is he ? / etc#(smiling gleefully) that is right it is my sad duty to rat out this man for defrauding a car wash how you ask ? with a phony senior discount card
well that is not quite true#did you or did you not use a senior citizen discount card at said car wash ?
well i did but#now i am not a fancy bigcity lawyer
(gasps)#but it seems to me that a senior citizen has to be over 55 is not that so ?
well yes#and you are how old ?
(dubious snort) you have never licked maple syrup off your lover's stomach ?#you mean that one with the red paint ?
no no and doubleno i have not done any of those things folks (proudly) you name it i have not done it#geez flanders you are 60 years old and you have not lived a day in your life
rod call doctor stein#(calling to bart) all right bart
(calling to bart) all right bart#fire in the hole
fire in the hole#(chuckling) okay no more gasoline
ext simpson house  roof  a few moments later)#(calls down chimney) full power
never a dull moment huh homer ?#you got that right (calling down chimney) throw on the mesquite bart
here this may sound just a teensy bit insane in the ol' membrane homer but i i was wondering if you could show me how to have some fun#well well well so flawless flanders needs help from stinkypants simpson
(admitting chuckling) yeah i i guess i do#welly welly welly mr clean wants to hang with dirty dingus magee
(sincere) how 'bout it homer ? will you teach me the secret of your intoxicating lust for life ?#wellity wellity wellity
stop that will you help me or not ?#let's do it
so what about all this meat ?#eh the missus will clean that up
(happily) now it is marge's time to shine#first of all i get five dollars a day plus expenses
seems fair#and i will need your signature (drawing circles on document) here here aaannnnd initial here
of course i (gasp) oh my stars i can not do that#(putting glasses away) well that is unfortunate it really is
(sighs) all right#(shaking ned's hand) congratulations welcome to the homer simpson program
so what happens next ?#(mysteriously) one day soon i will come for you and then the game will begin could be in the middle of the night it could be when you least expect it (then brightly) or whatever's good for you i do not care
okay homer i am ready to learn what is the first lesson ? just give me the topic sentence#gimme that
gimme that#that is your problem you are living up here
that is your problem you are living up here#you gotta live down here
you gotta live down here#in the impulse zone if you want to be like me you gotta make snap decisions like this
in the impulse zone if you want to be like me you gotta make snap decisions like this#we are going to break the bank at the monty burns casino
we are going to break the bank at the monty burns casino#you mean lisa ?
homer they blew that up yesterday#oh yeah right
oh yeah right#(big) then we are goin' to las vegas (then) which is actually back in that direction
ext highway  later)#(singing) "nobody's goin' to take my ned / i will teach him to have fuun / ooh he is a flanders machine"
(looking at watch worried) ooh it is goin' on eightthirty i'd better call maude and tell her where i am#relax i called her from the gas station
(relieved) thanks buddy#(stifled chuckle under breath) sucker
oh the lights the noise the letter x  iit is all designed to inflame the senses i am overstimulated i gotta get out of this town#i do not think so
i do not think so#i think you will find escape is quite impossible
ext casino  later)#(noticing) hey lance murdock
if he is not careful his scooter could roll right down that ramp#he is a daredevil ned he laughs at death
and now the indestructible lance murdock will jump his suicycle over an audience member and he will do it while attempting to open a locked safe on his head any volunteers ?#ooh ooh ooh pick him pick him
(sputtering noise) no homer no i wanna do something exciting but i can not just go from zero to thirty like that (snaps fingers) ii could be killed#(annoyed sound) fine i will do it (to lance) where do you want me ?
(eyes darting) uh yeah paint now it is of critical importance that you do not#yeah yeah yeah i will figure it out this is not rocket science
well actually there are several rockets mounted to the#(over his shoulder walking away) boring
(to crowd) okay he is cleared the ring of fire past the ring of ice over the dog doo stick he is cracked the safe#(calling quickly) hey flanders do not spill my beer
(cheers)#(matteroffact) okeydoke let's hit the tables
god homer watching you risk your life turned my beat box all the way up to  rumba yea i was praying you would be safe but to be honest part of me wanted to see ya get splattered#oh i think someone just had his first taste of blood loss
oh i think someone just had his first taste of blood loss#let's see what is marge's birthday ? barney is july fifteenth same as lassie's so marge's must be fifty oh forget it flanders what is your birthday ?
aw leave me out of this homer games of chance are strictly forbidden by deuteronomy seven#seven eh ?
seven a winner#way to go flanders the bible's finally pulling its weight got any more holy numbers ?
oh rightyo (takes out his wallet) one betting disk please#(mocking) "one betting disk please" watch and learn
aaand fourteen black#(upbeat) well there you go now how 'bout a drink ?
oh no ii mean common sense#oh that (teaching) that can be treated with our good friend alcohol you might want to write that down where the hell's your notebook ?
you threw it out the#oh never mind just pay attention
oh never mind just pay attention#(calling) slave girl ? oh slave girl ?
more libations my imperial conquerors ?#whuh ?
more booze ?#oh yeah two more of these please
oh yeah two more of these please#and for you ned ?
(gasp) oh my goodness homer (gasp) wake up#(groggy noises)
(gasp) look at this place (tired sound) we must have really painted the town last night (ned gets up) (growing excitement) i have a pounding headache my mouth tastes like vomit and i do not remember a thing#welcome to my world
oh i did it i conquered my fears and i made up for a lot of lost livin' (sincere) and i owe it all to the homer simpson program#the what now ?
well it is about time you two woke up#well of course a (short scream) who are you ?
(stunned gasp)#(laughing) hey smooth move flanders
and i am mrs homer simpson (giggles)#(short scream)
here comes that vomit again#eeech
eeech#(fighting back panic) okay okay okay okay okay okay okay (then) okay you are saying that ned and me married you two ?
mmhm i am workin' on that#ned no think of your wives
ned no think of your wives#wait a minute this could be some kind of scam  or possibly scamola we would remember if we got married
take a look at this#(reading the outside cover of the videotape) ahh precious memories
and do you homer take this cocktail waitress you just met to be your lawfully wedded wife ?#(belligerent) what did you call me ?
(losing patience) do you want to get married ? married#(points sinatrastyle) sure sock it to me baby
by the power vested in me by the chicago outfit i now pronounce you husbands and wives#we are so dead
int casino dining room  a few minutes later)#(distraught) ladies we want to do the honorable thing so breakfast is on us with full wafflebar privileges but first i am afraid we have some bad news (deep breath ashamed) the waffle bar is closed i am sorry i am so very
you two fellas are the nicest husbands we have ever had and we are not giving you up without a fight#but ginger honey i am not the catch i appear to be
ginger's my wife#are you sure ? oh rats (to amber) no offense sweetie
(pointed) homer why do not we go make the girls some custom omelettes ?#(standing shaking head) geez i have never seen anyone so whipped so fast (makes whip crack motion and sound)
(panicky grunts) what are we gonna do homer ? my kids are gonna be traumatized (sputtering) and then there is maude and then there is maude#(sly) i do not know flanders having two wives could have its advantages
(sly) i do not know flanders having two wives could have its advantages#(singing dreamily) chop chop dig dig chop chop dig dig chop chop dig dig
you know homie there is so much more two wives could do for you#(short scream)
(short scream)#(singsong) i hear digging but i do not hear chopping
(singsong) i hear digging but i do not hear chopping#ooh a friendly bee
ooh a friendly bee#ow
ow#(upset) ow that sting hurt so much we gotta get outta this ned
well do something this is all your fault you and your stupid program#blame me if you must but do not ever speak ill of the program the program is rock solid the program is sound
yoohoo#(whiny) oh those awful women want their omelettes
(whiny) oh those awful women want their omelettes#ginger throws ned a kiss
(vicious snarl)#(startled yelp) a lion
your behavior is is unconscionable#(short scream) the moody blues
(draws swordcane then advancing) i want fatty#what if we switched wives ? would that help ?
for the last time no#hello our ticket to freedom
hello our ticket to freedom#(to pursuers) so long su
we found some guys who know how to treat a woman#but amber i can change
ext desert  later)#all right let's get our stories straight for marge and maude we were out buying them fabulous gifts
what is the occasion ?#because we love them jackass
because we love them jackass#anyhoo we came out of walmart when suddenly one hundred spaceships
homer#you are right you are right fifty spaceships beamed us aboard they gangprobed you while i discovered an invention that blew their heads up and saved america
uh do i have to be gangprobed ?#would you rather tell maude the truth ?
(resigned sigh) what did the aliens look like ?#well i only saw them from the back 'cause they were so busy gang probing you
well i only saw them from the back 'cause they were so busy gang probing you#hello little birdie
(being attacked shrieks)#ah cover your eyes
i am dennis conroy and heeere come your isotopes#boooo
ext right field bleachers  continuous)#oh stupid isotopes (yelling) hurry up and lose so we can get out of here
why do you hate the isotopes so much dad ?#because i loved them once and they broke my heart let that be a lesson to you sweetie never love anything
even you ?#especially me
(casual) that is a rotator cuff his career's over#(to marge) i am going to warm up the car
but there is only been one pitch#(leaving) and it sucked
bases loaded two outs bottom of the ninth and it is do or die#(singing) "hitler is a jerk mussolini"
ext stadium  exit  a couple minutes later)#(singing) now it does not work
int car  continuous)#(mocking) so who won ? the losers ?
no they lost#(chuckling) losers
with a little middle relief they might even make the playoffs#you will be in your cold cold grave before that ever happens
ext moe's  night)#(grunt) what is the hubub ? did moe finally blow his brains out ?
quiet we are watchin' the isotopes#shut it off they are losers
now we are in the championship game#(surprised) championship ?
(surprised) championship ?#wooooo 'topes ruuuule
well here's a diehard fan sir your beloved isotopes are about to make history any thoughts ?#(winded excitement) oh it is a great team kent never gave up hope i want to thank jesus and say hi to my special lady marge (into camera) we did it baby wooooo (grabbing brockman's microphone) woooooo
(to camera) the inspiring words of a fan who'll always root root root for the home team even if they lose this ga#they lost ? those losers
no no no the game's not over #woo not over wooooo
(hurt sigh) nobody touched my rumaki#woo rumaki
ext springfield streets  a little later)#isotoooopes (car honk) wooo
(quickly) isotopes#hey a baseball field batter up
hey who is on first ?#touchdown
slide#safe
(drunken singing) "we are the champions / we are the champions / (then suddenly) you got mud on your face / big disgrace"#whoop careful
wow you look really hungover dad what did you do last night ?#(sick sound) last night ? (searching sound)
(sick sound) last night ? (searching sound)#(to lisa) hello big maggie
(shocked) whoa / curfew ?#(indignant) serves you little punks right maybe next time you will think befo
(indignant) serves you little punks right maybe next time you will think befo#oh my god look what those rotten kids did to my car (moan)
sure you do you have the right to remain silent#(chuckling) that was coldblooded marge
but it is not fair adults always blame kids for everything#well if kids are so innocent why is everything bad named after them ? acting childish kidnapping child abuse
what about adultery ?#(fatherly) not until you are older son
and here we are locked inside#(excited) kids the carnival's in town for one night only and they have got cotton candy and hats with feathers and there is no lines because all the stupid kids have curfew so (off their glare realizing) oh right sorry
meh#marge kite
ext simpson house  dusk)#so marge ready for another episode of "do not go there" ?
i am tired of that show but i have been hearing good things about "talk to the hand" tom shales says the writing "snaps crackles and pops"#(agreeable) okay whatever takes my mind off my life
(stagey) hey look what i found grampa's old radio oh would not it be grand to gather 'round and have a listen ?#well turn something on (anxious) i am starting to think
(creepy british accent in unison) "we know all your secrets"#boring go back to that infamy guy
now we come to mr homer simpson#(short scream)
(ashamed) oh homer#(weakly) i have a problem
tune in tomorrow and every day until the curfew is lifted because we will be revealing embarrassing secrets about springfield's other adults#(relieved) well at least they have already done me
and we have plenty more on homer simpson#(annoyed grunt)
(worried mumbling)#(worried hand on head) oh i hope they do not reveal this is a combover
 that is right homer simpson#(distant annoyed grunt)
all right you kids come down now we promise we will not kill ya#speak for yourself bart get down here i am gonna spank you back to the stone age
well you kids are always disobeying them#perfect
(sings to tune of "kids") kids / you have had your fun now we have had our fill#yeah / (to bart and lisa) you are only here 'cause marge forgot her pill
we are gonna teach all of you rugrats a lesson#oh yeah ? (dismissive noise) what can you old people do to us ?
(upset noise) you really should have voted homer#pfft it would not have made a difference
happy birthday dad#(delighted) wow a valuqual coupon book
(delighted) wow a valuqual coupon book#(enthralled) let's see ten percent off carpet cleaning ten (small gasp) two pizzas for the price of one at doughy's
doughy's has terrible pizza#yeah but there is two
(reading intrigued) oooh "free foot pain analysis ?"#oh marge that is just a trick to get you in there so they can cure your foot pain
i guess#see ya kids me and my valuqual book are gonna paint the town red with savings (flipping through coupons) i will start with a couple of pizzas then a complimentary tango lesson and i will cap it off with a smooth refreshing colonic
um dad#(singing) do you like pia colonics / and getting caught in the rain
it is to me#(singing) passing out in the ocean
ext tire store  day  later)#now this wheel balancing is free right ?
oh you betcha absolutely eh (sees something alarmed stagey) uhoh oh oh wait a minute these tires will not take a balance#(unhappy) they will not ?
nah nah no (tapping tire) you hear that clunk ?#no
well that tells me you need four new tires#(miserable) really ?
yeah legally i can not even let you drive out of here on these#(panicky) oh please can not you let me slide this time ?
uh that is it you are fired#no wait this is all my fault oh if i could only turn back the clock and buy four new tires
int tire store waiting room  moments later)#(depressed moan)
(to homer) oh i know that look you came in for the free wheel balance and now it is costing you five hundred simoleans#six with the tip
hey you got off easy i just came in to use the phone and they got me for the whole road king package alignment shocks armour all stem lube#(chuckles) stem lube even i did not fall for that (suddenly worried) although winter is coming
man we are a couple of grade "a" suckers (chuckles extending hand) wally kogen#(shaking wally's hand realizing) hey i know you we were in the same pyramid scheme
(regretful) oh do not remind me "friends helping friends" my ass say you wanna grab a beer while we are waiting ?#yeah i am gettin' tired of them pointing and laughing at us
(pained sound)#(chuckles at injury) football's so great (sips beer)
yeah how 'bout that super bowl ? you goin' this year ?#me ? nah (gasp brightening) unless there is a coupon for it (flips through book) nah
we have got a charter bus goin' down to the game you help us fill it you can ride for free#(dreamily) homer simpson at the super bowl ?
you#me ?
yeah you get your hand off my wife's leg#sorry
sorry#it is a deal hey moe wanna come with me and wally to the super bowl ?
the (raises glass in front of mouth) atlanta falcons (lowers glass) yeah ever since i was a boy i have always loved the (raises glass in front of mouth again) atlanta falcons (lowers glass)#yeah they are good but i would not count out the denver broncos (lowers glass)
ext simpson house  establishing  day)#c'mon lenny i just need four more guys to fill my super bowl bus whaddaya say ?
nah#c'mon
nah#c'mon (beat)
nah#oh c'mon
ahh#yes (hangs up phone tents fingers) now that lenny's in carl will fall like a domino
i am so happy you are going to the big game my dream has always been to see the bolshoi ballet#yeah yeah do we have any pencils that work ?
sea captain bumblebee man comic book guy the squeaky voiced teen#yeah it is a good group
yeah not a dame in sight#aw thank god now we can stop holding it in
aw crap it is that pipsqueak rudy#(weary gasp) what is it rudy ?
(jovial) hey do not make me come back there seriously now if you have any questions just ask our team leader homer simpson#(drunk sounds)
(proudly) i am 53 years young#(shudder)
(pumps fist triumphantly) whooo#(pointing to another booth) hey troy aikman
(pained) man that hurts#'scuse me comin' through friends of dan marino
'scuse me comin' through friends of dan marino#okay dan fire away
i am catching a pass from dan marino this is the greatest moment of my#woo hoo homer simpson with the pick
hey bubba hacksaw get that moron#uhoh (to bart panicky) lateral to bart
uhoh (to bart panicky) lateral to bart#(pained grunt) my spine
(calling) who needs tickets ? tickets right here (to homer) how 'bout you slick ?#(indignant) scalping tickets to the super bowl have you no shame sir ? i should give you a royal caning
hey i am just tryin' to make an honest buck#aw get lost ya bloodsucking parasite wally and i have all the tickets we need
(explaining) yeah see the hologram's missing and there is no such team as the "spongos" and finally these seem to be printed on some sort of cracker#(panicked) stop eating our tickets
(distraught) oh how could i fall for fake tickets ? (looks over at guys) gee the fellas are gonna be crestfallen#(nervous) yes if by "crestfallen" you mean "kill us" listen let me talk to them maybe i can smooth this over
(nervous) yes if by "crestfallen" you mean "kill us" listen let me talk to them maybe i can smooth this over#(warmly) my friends
kill 'em#(panicky) please my friends ow all right i will get you into to the game
(panicky) please my friends ow all right i will get you into to the game#excuse me uh mr scalper sir have i told you that i love you ?
forget it you will just hurt me like all the others#(calmly) okay moe i believe you had me by the throat reverend lovejoy was working the body
(to homer) wait dad look#(slyly) gentlemen i have an idea
(slyly) gentlemen i have an idea#run
run#woo hoo
get back here#we can still make the kickoff
(kickoff roar)#(resigned pained sound)
int stadium  jail cell)#(anguished wail) let us outta here
you got my vote#oh we are never gonna get out of (spots someone) psst cleaning lady would you let us out of here ?
(puzzled) me ? i am dolly parton#i did not ask for your life story just give me the key
(dodging) oo look at the time i better scoot to that halftime show see y'all#(envious) man that is gonna be some show
who is ready for some football ?#(excited bellow) football
(amid mumbling) yeah where ?#you guys are following me ? i was following flanders
(react with their mouths full)#(amid reactions) in a minute
(amid reactions) in a minute#(excited) hey it is the beer copter
(australian accent) what the bloody hell ?#hit the road gramps this is a private sky box
int stadium  corridor  a moment later)#(off sound) the game we are so close
(off sound) the game we are so close#(gasps then) follow me boys we are finally going to the sup ow
let go booze#y'ello
uh hello this is president clinton#(casual) hey howyadoin' ?
you know your determination and grit under extreme pressure are an inspiration the whole country is proud of you#well it is about time
and on behalf of america i'd like to#ow oh (playful) all right lovejoy you are gonna get it
dad that does not belong to you#but this might be my last chance to win one
well we sure put together a heck of a trip homer ever thought about being a travel agent ?#wally i'd be lying if i said i hadn't
'cause you can really "go places" in the travel business (chuckles) huh ? feel free to use that one#what one ?
int simpson house  living room  evening)#door ?
locked#phone ?
unplugged#dog cat ?
(to camera) aw geez there they got me living with an africanamerican a semiteamerican and a womanamerican there and i am glad i love youse all i love everybody (to himself) i wish i'd saved my money from the first show#(fervently) oh i can not wait look marge i had a scorecard printed up at that allnight scorecard place
is not midseason just a dumping ground for secondrate shows that weren't good enough for the fall schedule ?#you are thinking of all the other years this year's shows are classics
you are thinking of all the other years this year's shows are classics#there is "the laughter family" that is animated networks like animation 'cause they do not have to pay the actors squat
it is hard to believe someone that young could have risen to the rank of admiral#gee i never thought i'd say this about a tv show but this is kinda stupid (checks tv guide brightens) hey "policecops" (interested) that sounds like a lethal combination
this is not bad#is not bad ? tell me one thing mankind's ever done that is any better
the renaissance#this is better
int homer's tank)#(long gasp) he is named like my name
arrest that guy (dramatically) and that is the end of that chapter#wow they have captured my personality perfectly did you see the way daddy caught that bullet ?
that is not really you dad he is just a fictional character who happens to have the same name#(blank beat then) do not confuse daddy lisa
(annoyed murmur) another person wants to congratulate you for having a famous name#y'ello yes this is the original homer simpson who is this ? the debbie pinson who was the homecoming queen at high school ? yes i am still available
no he is not#(disappointed sound) marge that was debbie pinson debbie pinson
(firm) no dating#(anguished moan)
hey homer homer check it out bottom of page twelve#(reading) "local man has same name a tv character has the same name as springfield resident homer simpson"
hey you are famous#and that is the end of that chapter
uh mr simpson sir can i get your autograph ?#all right and what is the name ?
you only wrote my name um i wanted yours#take it or leave it (looks at paper) carl
int homer's truck  continuous)#mmm who knows ? maybe i will have to foil an assassination or stop a peace conference
so they really based that homer simpson character on you huh ?#yup right down to the scarf
(exasperated) simpsonnnn#(confused) hey what is going on ? that guy's not homer simpson he is fat and stupid
hey looks like they changed the character into a bumbling sidekick#(worried) no no he can not be i know maybe he is just acting stupid to infiltrate a gang of international idiots yeah that is gotta be it
yeah come on dumdum do something unintelligent there#shutup i am not your clown do not diminish me
shutup i am not your clown do not diminish me#gentlemen i bid you (choking sound)
gentlemen i bid you (choking sound)#(spinning) whoooa whoooa whoooa
(spinning) whoooa whoooa whoooa#(scream)
int simpson house  kitchen  morning)#i can not understand what happened why did they change homer simpson's character from cool to stupid ?
i can not understand what happened why did they change homer simpson's character from cool to stupid ?#that does it there is only one thing i can do
(encouraging) your character provides the comic relief like (searching) ohhh marlon brando in "apocalypse now"#i wish i hadn't bought a hundred of these
(low like a golf announcer) he is about to do something stupid#well i am sorry to disappoint you gentlemen but you seem to have me confused with a character in a fictional show now if you will excuse me my fondue is just about
well i am sorry to disappoint you gentlemen but you seem to have me confused with a character in a fictional show now if you will excuse me my fondue is just about#(annoyed grunt)
haw haw#(impatient) people are laughing at me marge let's get outta here forget the baby's medicine
but her forehead's on fire#fine i will be in the car driving home
(to homer) your catch phrase is hysterical please say it clearly for my answering machine tape#(weary but still game) uhoh spaghettio's
(frink noise)#c'mon people enough is enough
oh it is never enough not for them (bitterly) once they get a taste of you they want more and more and more that reminds me do you mind if my nephew kicks you in the belly ?#(miserable) okay
(miserable) okay#(grunt of pain)
aw the flash did not go off (to nephew) ya got another one in you josh ?#the whole town's laughin' at me even that cat out there (yelling out window) bart kill that cat
(calling up) okay#and that big yellow flower
homer your growing insanity is starting to worry me why do not you talk to the producers of the show ? maybe they will make your character suave again#hmmmm i guess i could (stands up) but while i am gone keep an eye on that weirdlooking kid down there
bart ?#yeah (makes air quotes) "bart"
ext tv production company  day)#uh so i just want to know how come you made your homer simpson character so
stupid ? (chuckles) well i can assure you it happened organically#it better have
but then we found out that abc had a similar project in development with annie potts and jeremy piven#who is jeremy piven ?
but it scared the hell out of us so we slapped together a cop show instead#"policecops"
(interlocking fingers) policecops#yeah but why does the homer simpson character have to be so stupid ?
oh he is not stupid he is a streetsmart fishoutofwater in a world he never made#i am begging you i am a human being let me have my dignity back
i am begging you i am a human being let me have my dignity back#(annoyed grunt)
int courtroom  continuous)#your honor i'd like to sue the producers of "policecops" for twenty million dollars for improper use of my name
court finds in favor of "policecops" (bangs gavel) next case#then i'd like to legally change my name
what name would you prefer ?#any of these will be fine
(reading document) max power ? ?#dynamic is not it ?
you changed your name without consulting me ?#that is the way max power is marge decisive uncompromising and rude
but this will be so confusing the mailman will not know what to do did you think of the mailman at all before you did this ?#yes briefly
and what about the tattoo on my youknowwhat ?#oh honey they have acids that can burn that off
(frustrated sound) but i fell in love with homer simpson i do not want to snuggle with "max power"#nobody snuggles with max power you strap yourself in and feel the g's
oh lord#and it does not stop in the bedroom oh no i am taking charge (to kids) kids there is three ways to do things  the right way the wrong way and the max power way
is not that the wrong way ?#yeah but faster
yeah but faster#(annoyed grunt)
ext gas station  continuous)#(singing a la "goldfinger") max power / he is the man / whose name you would love to touch / but you mustn't touch / his name sounds good in your ear / but when you say it you mustn't fear / 'cause his name can be said by anyone
ah max power how is every little thing ?#you remembered my name
well who could forget the name of a magnetic individual like you ? keep up the good work max#(correcting him) mr power
int dress shirt counter  continuous)#so i want the monogram to read max pow
sir traditionally a monogram is just initials#max power does not abbreviate each letter is as important as the one that preceded it maybe more important (considers) no as important
very well#and if you have enough room add some exclamation points and a pirate flag
the man knows what he likes#(cool) just takin' care of business
if you do not who will huh ? (offers hand) trent steel#homer sim (catches himself) uh max power
oh heyyy great name#yeah is not it ? i got it off a hair dryer
(laughs) i like a man who can poke fun at himself ooh hey my one o'clock canceled have you had any lunch ?#yeah but i usually have three or four
leading him off) so where to eat ? you like thai ?#(looking him over) tie good you like shirt ?
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#marge this is thai food from now on i want it morning noon and night
when did you start liking thai food ?#when trent steel bought me some
who is trent steel ?#he is max power's oldest and dearest friend
what is this wrapped in a banana leaf ? (smells it) mmm smells like mint#oh i spit my gum in there
where'd you meet this trent steel ? moe's ?#no way this guy's a winner he has a company that makes computers or a computer that makes companies anyway you would not understand
well i guess your new name is really opening doors for you#for all of us look
(pleased sound) you are invited to a garden party this saturday#this is our chance to rub elbows with springfield's young hip power couples like me and debbie pinson
wow look at this place the house number is spelled out with letters#get used to it honey from now on we will be spelling everything with letters
(snooty) did you wish me to destroy this machine for you ?#nah just park it
(snooty) heh very well#(calling to valet warning) and i counted the pennies in the ashtray
very nice ed your inventions continue to impress me and the entire nation#(quietly excited) maarrge president clinton
oh my lord i feel like cinderella#me too let's sing the cinderella song
eh maybe later#(drinking) uhoh here comes lorne michaels pretend you do not see him
ah max power trent said i absolutely must meet you this is fab#(stagey) anyway marge uh how do you feel about the economy ?
(stagey) anyway marge uh how do you feel about the economy ?#(laughs) so i said "if this is the house of pancakes how come i can not eat the walls ?"
i thought i knew all the players in springfield where have you been hiding yourself ?#well i spend a lot of time on the couch
attention please attention um i just wanna say how thrilled i am with this turnout i am proud to share my home with springfield's best and brightest#hey no problem
we have all been blessed with privilege and success#(rock concert "woo") woo privilege
uh but with privilege comes grave responsibility#(spittake) whuh ?
we all have to give something back to the world that is been so good to us#give something back ? boo get a haircut
we have to protect them because trees can not protect themselves except of course the mexican fighting trees#somebody buy this guy a tree so he will shut up
to the protest bus#(alarmed) hey stop shoving i am max power
int bus  continuous)#(scared) what is going on trent ? where are you taking me ?
ext springfield forest  a short while later)#oh this is the worst party ever
i do not know remember that new year's eve at lenny's he did not even have a clock#(whiny) oh marge i thought it would be fun to be on springfield's "a" list but these people are nuts
you can not blame them for having a social conscience#sure you can (bitter) buncha nogood dogooders
hang in there max saving the environment is a hard grueling job#("thank you") that is what i am saying see marge this guy gets it
man i have really had it with you treehuggers#(chuckling) treehuggers
something funny nature boy ?#no i just thought it was cute when you called him
do not give 'em the satisfaction of screaming max it will only burn for#(screams)
keep runnin' max#i can not lose them
uh you better call for backup chief#eep leave me alone go swab begley he likes it
slow down punk#i am free woo hoo
(pained siren noise)#right after happy hour
this is terrible#so trent where is the party bus headed now ?
so trent where is the party bus headed now ?#what ?
well i am glad you changed your name back to homer simpson#yes i learned you have gotta be yourself g'night honey
g'night#oh i almost forgot while i was at the courthouse i had them change your name
to what ?#chesty larue
(aghast) chesty larue ?#just try it for two weeks if you are not completely satisfied you can be busty st claire
i do not want to be chesty larue or busty st claire#fine hooty mcboob it is
(exasperated) goodnight homer#sleep tight hooty
int simpson house  lisa's room  night)#and then the handsome prince realized he had to go to the bathroom really bad but the evil ogre barney had left the men's room in the most wicked condition so the prince went out back to the enchanted alley
that is not a fairy tale it is just something that happened to you at moe's#shshsh anyway the prince passed out for a hundred years until he was awakened by the kiss of a noble raccoon
(puzzled) i did not turn it on yet#(moans) i am never eatin' chili again (sees something excited) ooh chili
int apu's apartment  dining room  night)#hmm what is an "eltdown ?" (then dismissing) eh
(sexy) maybe we should not answer it huh ?#door's unlocked
who is your favorite indian pop singer ?#oh do not make me choose
(laugh) oh yeah homer's a real gogetter#(bigger laugh) yeah i am going right to the top
maybe we should leave#uhuh no way i do not want to miss a word
you do not know what they are saying#i am picking it up "sala" seems to mean jerk and i think "manjula" means some kind of spaceship
oh i hope we did not get apu in too much trouble#oh they are newlyweds they will just talk things out and top it off with some lovin'
oh dear#(curious noise)
(annoyed sputtering) (alarmed) either put that book down or let me drive#hey they stole our idea see look
ext kwikemart  next day  establishing)#(reading) "i cherish you my precious" mm nah "to a heckuva blacksmith" nah i already got him one
(reading) "i cherish you my precious" mm nah "to a heckuva blacksmith" nah i already got him one#"you are apeeling let's never split" (chuckles) that is funny 'cause they are monkeys (laughs then to rejected cards) so long rejects
"you are apeeling let's never split" (chuckles) that is funny 'cause they are monkeys (laughs then to rejected cards) so long rejects#mornin' apu still in hot water with the squaw ?
worse than ever i am afraid my shameful neglect has made her feel unloved (worried) now i fear she will leave me#(scoffing) oh she is not gonna leave you right before valentine's day that'd be like going to an air show and leaving before the plane crash
(checks calendar perking up) ooh ooh you are right there is still seven days before valentine's (getting faraway look) ah seven chances to prove my love for sweet manjula#(drooling) sweet mint julep (quickly) i will be at moe's
int simpson house  kitchen  sunday morning)#c'mon boy c'mon
dad the vet says we should not make him fetch the sunday paper#goood dog good doggie (reads headline) "tax hike approved" ? bad dog bad bad dog
goood dog good doggie (reads headline) "tax hike approved" ? bad dog bad bad dog#now to trim away the fat
now to trim away the fat#"outlook" (tosses it grunt) "vista" no (tosses it) "spotlight" (tosses it grunt) "mosaic" nah (tosses it)
i'd love to look at sculleryweek  if you are through with it#oh sorry marge that is in my stockpile you can have this
this is about investment opportunities in yemen#gimme that
(grabbing paper away) hey look at this one (gasps) it is a poem (gasps) from apu#well do not just gasp read it
oh how romantic#(patting marge's hand) i used to take out ads like that when we were newlyweds
the only ad you took out was to sell our lawnmower#we sold it did not we ?
then the bird sang "i love the night life" with clever new lyrics#yeah i hate that song
i do too but it was sweet (hinting) women really like that sort of thing homie#do not worry honey i got something really special planned for valentine's day
it is not that monkey card i found in the car is it ?#(coy) would not you like to know ?
int simpsons living room  night)#(chuckles) everybody's marriage is falling apart except ours see the problem's communication too much communication
homer i have gone through seven years of receipts and you have spent less on gifts for me than you have on temporary tattoos#but marge it is worth it (holds up arms) look the taco bell dog yo quiero ta (looks for it) hey where'd it go ? here boy
ext moe's  night  establishing)#this valentine's crap has gone too far
(amid murmurs) oh moe#and ask yourselves people who is to blame for all this ?
i got some of that myself / oh screw myself#will you stop it ? it is easy to blame ourselves but it is even easier to blame apu he is makin' us look bad
hey watch it you are all over the road#we have gotta stop that traitor apu
(angry agreement)#(tensely) c'mon apu make your move
aw gee the man's just trying to show his wife he cares for her how can we sabotage his labor of love ?#i'unno gasoline ? axes ? i got some stuff in the trunk
(noticing) hey there he goes#let's roll
uh homer you are drivin'#(firmly) not yet i am not (turning to back seat) you will know when i am driving and it will
(firmly) not yet i am not (turning to back seat) you will know when i am driving and it will#(shriek)
a croissant ? what the ? oh that is right they have breakfast at tiffany's now#(sagely) only till eleven
well this is turning out to be a total waste of time#not entirely
man that smarts#oh baby we got him now there is no escape from the airport
i told you we should not have gone for longterm parking#(pointing) hey look it is elton john
i got it i got it apu musta hired him to sing for manjula#not if i can help it (determined) and help it i might
not if i can help it (determined) and help it i might#mr john i am your biggest fan i have tape recorded all your songs off the radio
oh that is very sweet have a grammy#uhhhh
uhhhh#(improvising) sir elton my noble friends and i would like to dub you a knight of the grand concourse
(moved) really ? i did that ?#how the hell should i know ? just get in this cage
(chuckles) do not be frightened that tank's just peace corps surplus#not so fast apu
(pleasantly) homer what a delightful coincidence#we are putting an end to your insane valentine's rampage never again will good lazy men have to what the ?
we are putting an end to your insane valentine's rampage never again will good lazy men have to what the ?#oh no you do not
ext sky  a minute later)#hey you with the scarf stop skywriting
i have to deliver a message it is the skywriter's code#i am so sick of that damn code
(horrified gasp)#if you will not stop then i will stop you
ext sky  continuous)#(grunts) lousy message
stop you crazy fool you will kill us all#correction kill us both
ext sky)#(pained noises)
oh galldurnit why will not you die ?#ow prickers owwww
what in the world ?#(dazed) roses so many roses
just when i think i have you figured out you fall from the sky with roses#roses
oh i am gonna snuggle your brains out#well i think i have a collapsed lung but (chipper) okay
oh do not go too far if you like cafeteria workers in beatle wigs with tennis racquet guitars you will not wanna miss the second half#(amid stampeding sounds) oh no let me out let's get outta here
(amid stampeding sounds) oh no let me out let's get outta here#(to marge) you drive i eat
dad you were supposed to pay for those snacks#i saw krabappel's butt i paid
mom to your left he is letting you in go#c'mon mom / flanders woman
c'mon mom / flanders woman#ohhh you suck marge
(cocky) so long schlubs#(impressed) wow did you see that thing marge ? so powerful so commanding so forceful and raw (slightly aroused) it did not ask it just took
ext car dealership  lot  day)#(lustful) canyonero
(chuckle) go ahead drool all you want ya can not hurt that finish now rain water that'll strip it right off sa aw and i should not have said that (frustrated noise) c'mon gil#hey a red one can i buy that ? please ?
okay you have got the undercoating clear coating rust proofing underguard spray gravelguard xj vitaseal repelzit but if you wanna protect the paint you better keep it in this tent#will do
okay here's how your lease breaks down this is your down payment then here's your monthly and there is your weekly#and that is it right ?
yup (beat) oh then after your final monthly payment there is the routine cbp or crippling balloon payment#but that is not for awhile right ?
right#sweet
yeah you do not see many men driving the f series#huh ?
see ? instead of a cigarette lighter it is got a lipstick holder#aw crap it is a girl's car i can not drive this
(chuckle) a pretty thing like you can do whatever she wants#shut up screw you guys
int simpson house  living room  morning)#(mumbling sounds) where is your keys ? i am takin' your car to work
you cashed in your 401(k) to buy that stupid canyonero why can not you drive it ?#(holding purse) are you saying i am gay ? because if that is what you think then just come right out and say it
i do not think you are gay i just have to do my grocery shopping now please gimme my keys#(handing back purse) fine
(handing back purse) fine#sucker
that is nice dear#(happy noises)
(happy noises)#(gasps and sputters then in awe) a threechambered peanut (holding up peanut) marge look what i did come quick hurry (beat) marge ?
(gasps and sputters then in awe) a threechambered peanut (holding up peanut) marge look what i did come quick hurry (beat) marge ?#marge you have been out there all morning
so ?#so lying on the couch and eating stuff is not the same if you are not around to see it
(satisfied chuckle) nobody will ever cut me off again#aw please come in maggie smells bad and the cat wants something but i do not know what
(frustrated sound) how could they take away my license ? it feels like i lost a limb#(disgusted noise) well that is a turnoff
no your father drives like an old lady#at least i have got a license
(angry murmur)#(off her glare quickly) c'mon kids i went too far
bart they are not here to entertain us#i have seen plays that were more exciting than this honest to god plays
i have seen plays that were more exciting than this honest to god plays#i do not wanna pay four bucks to watch some monkey wannabe lay in the sun
but dad lemurs are nocturnal#(not listening) do not worry honey daddy will fix that broken animal
no#i am not gonna hurt him i am just gonna wake him up
(angry wail)#uhoh (quickly handing to lisa) here's your slingshot lisa
i told 'em a chainlink fence would not hold rhinos oh wait no i did not i meant to tell 'em#(short scream)
(short scream)#do not worry kids i know just what to do (yelling to animals) jumanji (nothing happens) does anything from the movies actually work ?
ext wild animal park  a little later)#back back i say
back back i say#oh no i am out of popcorn
throw your peanuts#you throw your peanuts
c'mon homer jump#ohhh when will detroit build a sun roof for the husky gentleman ?
(frightened noise)#(pained noise then) marge
ext streets of springfield  continuous)#(scared whimpers)
hey anybody seen homer today ?#(doppler scream)
(frightened yells)#(circling yells)
int portajohn  continuous)#(heartfelt) oh thank you god (more heartfelt) and thank you portajohn you really saved my (frightened yell)
(heartfelt) oh thank you god (more heartfelt) and thank you portajohn you really saved my (frightened yell)#who is out there ?
who is out there ?#(frightened gasp)
int portajohn continuous)#oh i am gonna die (drops to knees) jesus allah buddha i love you all
ext construction site  continuous)#nice rhino
nice rhino#oh no she is not gonna make it
it is okay homie you can come out now#(from inside) ah give me a minute
(from inside) ah give me a minute#(hugs her) oh marge you saved me
stone philips again#(admiring) is there anything that guy does not know ?
do you think there is anything great on nbc right now ?#oh i am sure of it
(selling) but there is only one way to find out#(hostagelike) i'd like to read the following statement but i do so under (gun cock) my own free will it has come to my attention that nbc sucks i apologize for misleading you and urge you to watch as many fox shows as possible so in summary nbc bad fox good (quickly) cbs great (gun shot then three more shots)
okay fdr is in the white house an ice cream cone costs a nickel and a hot new tune by benny goodman is hitting the charts the year is 1939#(snapping awake panicked) 19 1939 ? oh my god i have gone back in time
(snapping awake panicked) 19 1939 ? oh my god i have gone back in time#i have got to warn everybody about hitler and get to the ice cream store
let me guess you travel back in time again ?#shut up you have not even been born yet
easy homer i will bring you back#(relieved sigh then) oh boy am i glad to see you guys
int pj o'harrigan's  continuous)#(bigger groan)
yeah too bad we gotta work huh homer ? (looks around) homer ?#woo hoo let's party
wake up homer#(confused sound)
c'mon move your butt you are blocking traffic#(groggy) that is no way to address sir drinksalot
(murmur) come on let's get you inside and scrape the gum out of your hair#okay
okay#hey marge what is your favorite radio station ?
hey marge what is your favorite radio station ?#well marge ?
what ?#what is your favorite radio station ?
okay dad we are ready#hey that is super see you later
you agreed to spend one saturday a month doing something with the kids#(tired moan)
oh quit complaining it is half the work of the divorced dad#yeah but it is twice as much as a deadbeat dad
homer#they know i am kidding
they know i am kidding#okay bart it is your turn to pick where are we headed ? bowling ? demolition derby ? pj o'harrigans ? (nods selling) is not that a funny name ? huh ? huh ?
hysterical but i traded my turn to lisa for her dessert#(moans) we did a lisa thing last month (off marge's glare to lisa chuckling sweetly) and i am glad we did but now i think we should do something normal people would like
(perturbed) why do you assume that i will not pick something fun ? (scans newspaper) let's see oh this looks very educatio#(groan)
she did not say it yet#(to lisa politely) go ahead sweetie
the book fair ?#(big) oh no ho ho i am not falling for that again if it does not have siamese twins in a jar it is not a fair
oh this is perfect#(excitedly) we are gonna go see marmaduke ?
it encapsulates america and makes history come alive#what ? and marmaduke does not ?
sorry dad my mind is made up#(to bart angry) this is all your fault for trading away your turn just for that no dessert tonight
deal#(annoyed grunt)
antitobacco programs protobacco programs killing wild donkeys and israel#(fondly) good ol' government
(gasps) look they have lincoln's hat#thank god for grave robbers
(moved) (gasp) america's greatest citizen summed up in one piece of clothing#(thrilled) (gasp) fonzie's jacket
who is fonzie ?#(horrified) who is fonzie ? do not they teach you anything in school ? he freed the squares
ext springfield streets  day)#where ? i do not see that
get out of archie bunker's chair now#relax i am just boning up on the ol' constitution
(threatening) ohh you are gonna regret that pinko#(scared sound)
look he got chocolate on it#i did not mean to look
(into phone) really that much ? (flips phone closed to homer) it is gonna cost ten thousand dollars to repair that document#(shocked) wha ?
of course omnitouch understands that real money does not grow on trees not these days#finally a company that understands my needs
we sure do it is called caring#so we are even then ?
we prefer to think of them as "keepintouch towers"#(to marge) it is called caring marge
plus you have increased springfield's roaming capabilities 64 percent#(selling) ya gotta admit marge that is a lot more roaming
(grudgingly) (murmur) i guess#hey this is pretty comfortable that andy capp was onto something
ugh that antenna is an eyesore#just pretend it is a tree honey or as we say at omnitouch a progress tree
my room#wha ? i heard a yell did you touch a wire ?
what happened to my room ?#nothing they just needed a place to put all the electronic gizmos and i know how much you like that sciencey stuff so i
(betrayed) you gave away my room#come on lisa try and see this from the omnitouch corporation's point of view
(to homer) i can not believe you did this dad why did not you put that thing in your room ?#hm that thought never occurred to me funny how your mind works in a crisis
(exasperated gasp) but where am i supposed to live ?#(coyly) lisa what is your favorite movie ?
until you taped over it "the little mermaid"#that is right "the odd couple" so meet your comically mismatched roommate bart simpson (hums "odd couple" theme)
(worried noise)#(hums "odd couple" theme a little more)
dad#(emphatically hums "odd couple" theme)
(upset) homer we are picking up cel phone calls over the baby monitor#ooh anything spicy ?
oh that is not the point we should report this to an omnitouch carerep people's privacy is at stake#great i am gonna eat mayonnaise
(covering her ears) ohhh quit it quit it quit it quit it#(cheerily) well well if it is not frick and frack jack and jill fred and ethel the three
dad will you please tell bart to stop squeaking his chair i am trying to do my homework#bart stop squeaking your chair
bart stop squeaking your chair#(to bart) if you have got to do something click this pen
nohoho#(intrigued) hey that looks like fun
race ya#you are on lisa you play winner
you are on lisa you play winner#oh honey you missed a great race bart was winning but then he said "this is stupid" and he stopped and i won
(testy) i am trying to do my homework#(realizing worried) hey you are mad at me that wasn't your mayonnaise was it ?
dad why did you have to take away my room ?#(to lisa) maybe you would feel better if we watched some tv together
(frustrated sound) i just want to study#(cheery) no it is not
(annoyed) daad#(clicks on tv) oooh here's something you would like "when animals attack magicians"
(short scream)#(chuckles)
(horrified) that is awful#awful entertaining
my tummy really hurts#(baby talk) somebody wants mommy to change baby's diaper
is that somebody you homer ?#(baby talk) yes it is
(taking maggie) okay then you can take lisa to dr hibbert's#(upbeat) great (slyly to lisa) maybe on the way back we can swing by the demolition derby and have a nice talk
lisa i am afraid your tummy ache may be caused by stress#well that is a relief
(chuckle) yes anyway when it comes to stress i believe laughter is the best medicine you know before i learned to chuckle mindlessly i was headed for an early grave myself (chuckles)#(sweetly) give it a try honey
i am really not the chuckling type#it is true i am always making clever noises and she never chuckles at 'em
(brightening) yeah ya know some of that allnatural stuff is really very well #oh no you do not screw that touchy queery crap we will take the harsh antacids nothing's too good for my little girl
int medical building  hallway  a short time later)#i sure settled his hash imagine that quack thinking you would try one of those crazy newage cures
they are not all crazy dad#(sweetly) sure they are honey
(losing it) you know just because you say something is crazy does not make it so and just because you think museums are boring and demolition derbies are fun does not make that true either#(hurt) i am sorry lisa (backing off) oh it is not your fault i know we love each other dad but we are two very different people and much as i hate to say it as time goes on we will probably just drift further and further apart
(hurt) i am sorry lisa (backing off) oh it is not your fault i know we love each other dad but we are two very different people and much as i hate to say it as time goes on we will probably just drift further and further apart#(upset) oh lisa honey i will not ever let that happen
(upset) oh lisa honey i will not ever let that happen#(small sad sound)
dad you do not have to go to a new age store just for me i know you think this stuff is stupid#nah you must be thinking of your mother (selling) i am always exploring alternatives and expanding my horizons into realms of (giving up) can not we just go in ?
nah you must be thinking of your mother (selling) i am always exploring alternatives and expanding my horizons into realms of (giving up) can not we just go in ?#oh good i have been meaning to buy a (reads incredulous) "dream catcher ?" gimme a break
i just wish you could keep an open mind about other cultures#other cultures are fine i am just saying i can get along in life without a (grabs random item) "tooth brush"
(welcoming) namaste#(polite) and a oogabooga to you too
may i tell you about our white light specials ?#absolutely not my little girl's tummy hurts do you have anything to stop her complaining ?
well your tongue works#(pawing through shelves) let's try some oil of lorenzo and uh what is keeping joan rivers alive ?
fetal grindings but i have a better idea#oh no no freezing
no mr simpson this is a sensory deprivation tank it blocks out all the external distractions that bombard our souls#can you pee in it ?
(quickly) i will take two hours#(quickly) me too
you are about to take a journey into the mind you may see and experience things that are strange and frightening but remember they can not physically harm you though they may destroy you mentally#oh my
hey#(singing) "ooh eee ooh ah ah / ting tang walla walla bing bang / ooh eee ooh ah ah / walla bing bang ting ting tooo"
int homer's tank  continuous)#heyyy this piece of junk is finally doing something (giggle)
you should lift with your legs#(covering) oh yeah art
int homer's tank  continuous)#woo sensory deprivation kicks ass
int homer's tank  continuous)#okay i am ready to get out now (calling) yoo hoo hippie lady (then scared) hippie lady ? hey hippie lady
ext underground  continuous)#whoa what is going on ? ow oh this inner peace stuff is tough on the old coconut
ext springfield beach  a minute later)#(grunt) hippie lady i wanna get out
gee i should cut dad some slack after all he did take me to the ballet and the smithsonian exhibit (dawning) in fact he takes me lots of places he hates#(from inside tank singing) "i told the witch doctor there is tightness in my chest bombombombom i told the witch doctor he had to run a test"
(from inside tank singing) "i told the witch doctor there is tightness in my chest bombombombom i told the witch doctor he had to run a test"#hi sweetie
hi dad how was it ?#i went on a wild ride without ever leaving the building how was yours ?
pretty cool but now whaddaya say we go do something we will both enjoy ?#(worried) like what ?
(worried) like what ?#(excited) whoa look at that car burn does it get any better than this ?
mmm#(chuckling) so i said to that nurse "you can take your free tetanus shot and shove it"
(highfives homer) well you told her dad#you better (jaw locks) believe i did
you better (jaw locks) believe i did#(grunt of relief)
you still have not told us why lenny bit you#well i really gave him no choice y'see
not you#(focused) must eat beef must defeat guy i just met
i think i read somewhere that cows like being killed#(appalled) wait there is a place like that in springfield ? then why are we eating this crap ?
(appalled) wait there is a place like that in springfield ? then why are we eating this crap ?#c'mon everybody we are going to the slaughterhouse
(to homer) you did not need to knock the food on the floor#(sagely) did not i ?
ext slaughterhouse  later)#(awestruck) wow it is even more wonderful than lisa said
(looks up eyes widen) (short quizzical sound)#wait a minute is this the biggest steak you have got ? 72 ounces ? i thought this was supposed to be a steakhouse not a little girly underpantsy pink doily tea party place
well there is one steak that is only available by special request uh we call it uh "sir loinalot" it is uh the size of a boogieboard#oooh i will have that one and to drink (scans menu)  meatballs
(announcement) ladies and gentlemen this brave man has accepted the sir loinalot challenge he will pit his stomach against sixteen pounds of indomitable tenderloin#they like me because i am brave
uh if you want some friendly advice pal i would not tackle the big'un right away#oh yeah ? what do you know about it ? y
oh yeah ? what do you know about it ? y#(gasp) it is you you are him you are tony randall
(short laugh  shakes homer's hand) red barclay's my name i am a trucker and i have eaten steaks from coast to coast with taters and toast take my advice this one's not for greenhorns#(stung) greenhorns who is a greenhorn ? what is a greenhorn ?
it is an insult sock him dad sock everybody#(to red) oh you are just jealous 'cause you do not have the belly for it anymore (poking him in belly) mr nobelly mr has notgotabelly
chew chew chew#(panicked sounds)
(calling) no homer do not fill up on bread#huh ? oh right the steak
int gameshow set  continuous)#(weary) so much steak lungs filling sinuses packed with meat
come on dad just twelve more pounds#(sickly moan)
(lorne michaels voice) oh humans are so ridiculous he is not even halfway through walter and he is already hallucinating#lousy drunks i will show them
lousy drunks i will show them#(gasping puzzled) what is happening to me ? there is still food but i do not want to eat it i have become everything i have ever hated (sick moan)
(chuckle) the winner and still champion reliable red barclay#my hat's off to you red you are a true american hero and you did it with style and dignity and hey you are not breathing (to all) do not people usually breathe ?
(taking off hat) there goes the finest trucker who ever lived#(emotional) he called me "greenhorn" i called him tony randall it was a thing we had
in 38 years he never missed a shipment (slapping truck) but i guess this is one delivery ol' red will not be making#(with sudden resolve) oh yes he will and on time too
oh no oh no#(starting truck) i have got to honey i owe it to ol' red as both his friend and his killer
oh lemme go with you dad#do not you have school ?
do not you have work ?#ah touch
ah touch#bye marge
bye marge#(hurt) are not you gonna say bye ?
(grudging) goodbye homer#that did not sound like you meant it
oh all right (sincere) goodbye sweetheart have a nice trip#that is more like it (starts to pull out) so long suckers (laugh)
(wiseguy voice) why ? you already know i am here do not ya ?#(grunts) why you gotta (grunts) come on (grunts) ah now i am gettin' the hang of this thing i do not know why i did not become a trucker before
well you are not really a trucker now#oh yeah ? my left arm says different
(looking at map) well according to red's schedule we have to make it to atlanta in three days#piece o' cake just need a little truckdriving music
"if you wanna be my lover / you gotta get with my friends / makin' love forever / friendship's where that ends / if you wanna be my lover#ohhh
ohhh#that little punk
a little more hightest darlin' ?#sure thing (off name tag) gwenn
i will be right back with your pie hon#aww that is a nice friendly gal
yeah#would not it be great to live right here at the truck stop ? watching all the people come and go you could have a different best friend every day
i suppose#great i will write your mother and tell her the marriage is off and then when the paperwork is done i will make gwenn my wife
will that be all sweetie ?#(slyly) for now
what about erika ?#(unison) it ate everybody
(unison) it ate everybody#stupid
ext highway  later)#i bet ol' red caught himself a mess o' catfish with these fishing sticks
(annoyed) uhhuh bet he used bait too#relax boy we are ahead of schedule
(checking map slightly annoyed) actually we have to go twentytwo hundred miles in ten hours#(panicky) ten hours ? we gotta roll
ext roadside market  night)#(urgent) uh yeah i need something that'll keep me awake alert and reckless all night long
(pepperidge farm guy) well congress is racing back to washington to outlaw these#sold
hey you can not take that many pep pills at once#no problem i will balance it out with a bottle of sleeping pills
int red's truck  continuous)#(giggles then very fast) okaywe areallsetlet'sputthepedaltothemetal
(giggles then very fast) okaywe areallsetlet'sputthepedaltothemetal#(rapidly) i wholeheartedlyagree ohmani amreallywired thisisabigmistakeican (then slowing down) ohhh here comes the sleeping pills so drowsy (speeding up again) peppillsperkingupagain icoulddrive allll (getting drowsy) niiight (snoring)
ext gas station  next morning)#(waking up sounds then scream) i fell asleep at the wheel (looks around) but we did not crash (gasp) it is a miracle
ext gas station  a minute later)#you will never believe what happened i fell asleep at the wheel and the truck drove here by itself
(confidentially) yeah that navitron autodrive system's made our jobs cushier than ever (sly chuckle)#the what now ?
with this baby drivin' your truck for ya all you gotta do is sit back and feel your ass grow#(stunned) the trucks drive themselves ?
shheyheyheysh did not your union rep tell you about the scam we got goin' ?#well i am not really a trucker so i do not talk to the rep that often
now listen pal here's the deal you stumbled on a secret that only truck drivers are supposed to know#(giggles)
we get 40 bucks an hour to drive these rigs you think anybody'd hire us if they knew we weren't really drivin' the trucks ?#(awestruck) wow you guys are even lazier than me (decisively) well do not worry i will keep your secret
int homer's truck  continuous)#hey bart watch me run down this old lady
(frightened sound)#(chuckles) the second i let go of the wheel this little wonder kicks in
(chuckles) the second i let go of the wheel this little wonder kicks in#and if scaring old ladies do not float your boat watch this
and if scaring old ladies do not float your boat watch this#(calling) c'mon out boy it is windy
(snapping pictures) well well / what is that ? / will wonders never cease ?#(calling over) relax everybody the navitron autodrive system is driving the truck for me but keep it a secret it is a big scam okay ?
int homer's truck  later)#(thrilled) look son it is one of nature's most beautiful sights  the convoy
he hit us#(amused) oh i shoulda known they are hazing us to initiate us into the truckers' fraternity
(amused) oh i shoulda known they are hazing us to initiate us into the truckers' fraternity#thank you sir may i have another ?
dad they are trying to kill us#oh why do all my trips end like this ?
oh why do all my trips end like this ?#(menacing) eat water good buddy
int homer's truck)#i think we lost 'em bart
dad stop#well well well looks like we have got ourselves a showdown boy
well well well looks like we have got ourselves a showdown boy#all right
(scared) what are you doing ?#i am keeping a promise to an american roadmaster
huh ?#red the trucker (prompting) big fat guy could not handle his steak ?
(angry yelling and screaming) / simpson you would better turn that thing#(revving engine) we will get past that barrier somehow (patting navitron autodrive) ol' blinky here will find a way
(hal 9000 voice) i am afraid i can not let you do this red the risk is unacceptable#i am not red i am homer
gotta go#(screams)
int homer's truck  continuous)#woo hoo
(checks watch) yep you are gonna make it dad and somewhere up there i bet red is saying thanks#(to red gently) tenfour dead buddy
ext truck depot  later)#(grandly) this is red barclay's shipment on time as always
all right let's see (checking off items) artichokes aannnd migrant workers lookin' good (closing trailer door) so where is ol' red anyway ?#well the last time i saw him he was in a big plastic bag
(chuckles) yeah that sounds like red all right#well son i guess it is time to go home
any thoughts on how we are gonna get there ?#no but i am sure the good lord will provide
are you crazy ? i am not driving a trainload of napalm to springfield#(smiles looks heavenward) thank you
and as we pass the collection plate please give as though the person next to you were watching#(suffering noises) oh man this is the hottest easter ever
who put this wicked idol in the collection plate ?#(defensively to family) relax i found it in the dumpster
well let's get those off then#(piteous wail)
oooo what a beautiful garden it is almost like paradise#heads up
heads up#(diving yell)
(gasps)#well hello
hey chief he splashed me#'course not there is no pain in the garden of eden hey you must be eve
uh i guess#looks like god made you out of my sexiest rib (bob hope growl)
speaking of ribs is there any grub around here ?#is there
(british accent) good morning adam any bacon for you then ?#do not mind if i do
do not mind if i do#(eating sounds)
(startled sound)#(nervous) uh good morning lord i just have to ah compliment you on this beautifully crafted mate
oh adam you are too kind#no you are too kind and wise and righteous i can not believe you do not have a girlfriend
i hate to be a bossy betty but i have to forbid you to eat its fruit#no problem lord and it would be even easier to avoid that temptation if i had a few extra wives
(annoyed murmur)#(off marge's dirty look) just sayin'
oh how cute let's call this little guy a "groundhog"#sorry i already gave him a name "land monster"
really ? well what do you call that thing on the branch ?#"branch monster"
quite so mum i recall one of the dinosaurs had a bite and well that was the last of  egad#(furious) why will not you be art ?
please stop eating that god's gonna furious#you are pretty uptight for a naked chick you know what would loosen you up ? a little fruit
(wavering murmur) well it is a sin to waste food#(enticingly) and you keep saying we need to do things together
(pleading) adam say something#uh um uh i think we should see other people ?
(annoyed murmur)#(languid moan) usually a mink massage makes me feel better but something's missing now
(languid moan) usually a mink massage makes me feel better but something's missing now#i did not say stop
lovely day in paradise is not it ?#(blase) yeah just like yesterday
today i am featuring mouthwatering pork ribs tuck in then#(sad moan) i gave a rib to eve and now she is gone forever
ext outside the garden of eden  a minute later)#oh poor eve what are you doing out there in that horrible place ?
i am toiling what does it look like ?#(small groan) this is my fault i shoulda stood up for you during that whole "applegate" thing
well it is a little late for apologies now#do not say that maybe i can sneak you back in i mean god can not be everywhere at once right ?
(winded) i will be fine just give me a second to ugh#c'mon eve hurry
ext garden of eden  a minute later)#(embracing her) ohhh my dear sweet eve i love you even more than the butterscotch pond or the porno bush
(thundering) so this is how you repay me adam#(cowering sounds)
and after i created my fingers to the bone for you i (horrified cry) my unicorn (heartbroken) oh what have they done to you gary ?#(placating) oh there there i am sure he is gone to a better place lord
oh shut up you are so banished#hey now let's not do anything rash god is love right ?
hey now let's not do anything rash god is love right ?#(receding yell)
ext outside the garden of eden  continuous)#ohhh my back so this must be that pain thing
ohhh my back so this must be that pain thing#(pained noise) oh yeah definitely pain
(pained noise) oh yeah definitely pain#(looking around) this sucks things were so much better back in the garden
king solomon these men need you to settle a dispute they each claim ownership of this pie#the pie shall be cut in two then each man shall receive death (quickly) i will eat the pie
oh how embarrassing (yawn) oh we slept right through church#eh it is not the end of the world
it is the rapture and i never knew true love#i never used those pizza coupons
oh right the sins#where do you think you are going missy ?
dad#(excited) ooh i smell barbecue
(excited) ooh i smell barbecue#hey look (gasp then agonized scream then) oh they are out of hot dogs and the cole slaw has pineapple in it (scream) german potato salad
ext simpson house  back yard  morning)#(singing) "you put da beer in da coconut and drink it all up / you put da beer in da coconut and throw da can away"
(in rhythm of song) homer#(singing) "you throw da can away"
(in rhythm of song) i said homer#(singing) "you throw da can away"
(singing) "you throw da can away"#(spoken) marge i am out of beer
you know homie a lot of men use their saturdays to do things around the house hint hint#but marge i am not like other men that is why you buy my pants at that special store
and you could at least get that snake out of the piano#fine i will drop everything i am doing just for you (sips coconut) but you will have to live with the guilt of ruining my saturday can you live with that marge ? huh ? can ya ?
(cheery) yup#can you ?
can you ?#(resigned moan)
ext hardware store  day)#'scuse me i have a few questions for pop
hey get off my case the only reason i am working here is 'cause i am trying to get a date with "mom"#look pop i am planning some expert home repairs and i need a pair of bolt cutters or wire cutters or something to get the lock off my toolbox
you mean the janitor's closet ? ha#(coughs politely) i'd like to return this barbecue kit
hi i am doug vaccaro you know me as chip the wisecracking assistant on the hit sitcom "toolin' around"#(amused sound) a man in an apron (chuckles)
or if you are not into chicken#(panicky) no no i am into chicken
how 'bout wild boar ? (snaps a wild boar appears) or swordfish ? (snaps) or hippo ? (snaps)#mmmm hippo (drools)
(quickly) lighthearted apron not included snapping fingers may not make food appear#how 'bout it bart ? would you like a new backyard barbecue pit ?
can i burn evidence in it ?#(warmly) we can all burn evidence in it
ext simpson house  backyard  that afternoon)#(dusts hands satisfied) there that wasn't so hard was it honey ?
(out of breath) dad i really need to rest my back#okay sweetie daddy'll take over
okay sweetie daddy'll take over#oh yeah that is a fine looking
oh yeah that is a fine looking#(annoyed grunt then) okay no big deal
(annoyed grunt then) okay no big deal#(panicky shriek) stupid lisa
(panicky shriek) stupid lisa#(sputtering sounds) you gotta build fast cement drying
(sputtering sounds) you gotta build fast cement drying#all right let's see
all right let's see#(panicked sound) english side ruined must use french instructions (turns page over) "le grille ?" what the hell is that ?
(panicked sound) english side ruined must use french instructions (turns page over) "le grille ?" what the hell is that ?#(struggling sounds) come on fit you (struggling sounds)
(struggling sounds) come on fit you (struggling sounds)#(sigh) yeah that is one finelooking barbecue pit (then angry) why does not mine look like that ?
(sigh) yeah that is one finelooking barbecue pit (then angry) why does not mine look like that ?#(attack yell) (enraged with each blow) why ? why must life be so hard ? why must i fail in every attempt at masonry ? (anguished wail)
all returned items must be in a box and accompanied by a receipt#well if you will follow the flashlight you will see the receipt embedded here and here and elements of the box here here and possibly here
ext hardware store  parking lot  later)#come on you (grunt)
yeah hold on there santa claus that box is for toys only#well of course any kid would love to have this uh activity center it teaches them while they learn
yeah nice try saint nick now hit the road kris kringle#but but
int simpson car  continuous)#(tortured) i will never get rid of it it will follow me to the ends of the earth
(tortured) i will never get rid of it it will follow me to the ends of the earth#all right my bumper fell off (giggles)
all right my bumper fell off (giggles)#not my fault act of god act of god (chuckle)
not my fault act of god act of god (chuckle)#uhoh
uhoh#(relieved sigh)
int simpson house  bathroom  next day)#(singing to self) "shaving my shoulders / i am gettin' it all shaved off"
homie someone's at the door (confused) they want to talk to you about some sort of car accident#(grimly) take the kids out back
(grimly) take the kids out back#i will handle this
mr simpson ? i believe something of yours struck my car yesterday#oh yeah ? prove it
that is your license plate is not it ?#uh (breaking down sobbing) all right just go ahead and sue me everybody else does the average settlement is $68000
i am not here to sue you my name is astrid weller i own an art gallery and i'd love to display your piece (points to barbecue)#you mean this hunka junk ? this is not art just a barbecue that pushed me over the edge (to barbecue seething) did not you ? did not you ? you stupid so (attack grunts)
(explaining) art is not just pretty pictures it is an expression of raw human emotion in your case rage#oh i got that lady
is everything okay ? i got worried when i did not hear any shots#this lady says i am an artist
your husband's work is what we call "outsider art" it could be by a mental patient or a hillbilly or a chimpanzee#(gasps) in high school i was voted "most likely to be a mental patient hillbilly or chimpanzee"
well you should be very excited because outsider art could not be hotter#(arm around barbecue to family) so you would better catch the fever (leans in to bart menacing) catch it
(sotto) dad chew with your mouth closed you are losing your mystique#lisa all great artists love free food check out jasper johns
congratulations homer  you are now a professional artist#woo hoo (then) look marge my first sale (pointing across room) in your face jasper johns
where are you going with that junk dad ?#i am gonna be an outsider artist that way i can turn all these old baseball cards disney memorabilia and antiques into something valuable
(gently) homie i am really happy you sold your sculpture  but do not you think it may have been a fluke ?#hey i have always had an interest in art dating back to my schoolgirl days when i painted portrait after portrait of ringo starr
that is my life you are describing#i think i remember my own life marge
i think i remember my own life marge#astrid said the key to my art is anger but you know me i am mister mellow
astrid said the key to my art is anger but you know me i am mister mellow#so i am giving you kids permission to get me mad c'mon gimme what you got
well if it will help  um mom found out her engagement ring is made of rock candy#(enraged sounds) good work honey keep it comin'
well i am flunkin' math and the other day i was a little attracted to milhouse#(primal screams)
ext moe's  night  establishing)#moe this is astrid my "dealer" and these are my fans gunter kyoto and cecil hampsteadoncecilcecil
i must get back to my hotel and practice my affectations for tomorrow bon soir (makes fritz feld sound)#what do we owe you moe ?
nothin' nothin' just gimme a priceless sketch with a certificate of authenticity#all right (sketching sounds)
wonderful news homer#(hopeful) is it about pies ?
(a little confused) uh no we are going to hold a show devoted entirely to you#(ecstatic) wow it is like marge's dream come true for me is not that great marge ? for me
(annoyed murmur)#look marge they are advertising my show in "art in america" it is the first time i have been mentioned there that i know of
(not happy) i am happy for you now g'night#good night
good night#you are upset about something is this about that trip barney and i took to machu picchu ?
no homer being an artist was my dream but now without even trying you have accomplished more in a week than i have in my whole life#aw honey i have always liked your art your paintings look like the things they look like
that is sweet but well how would you like it if i i do not know entered a belching contest ?#frankly i'd be a little turned on
(annoyed grunt) you do not understand#marge i have screwed up everything i have ever done i mean look at bart but i finally found something where people worship me for screwing up and that feels pretty good
(sarcastic) well i guess nothing else matters as long as you are happy#now you are making sense good night
now you are making sense good night#(snores)
(addressing crowd) homer is the most dangerous artist on the springfield scene now let's see what surprises he has for us tonight#i give you "botched hibachi" the tricycle is on loan from the maggie simpson collection
i give you "botched hibachi" the tricycle is on loan from the maggie simpson collection#this piece i call "failed shelving unit with stupid stuck chainsaw and applesauce"
this piece i call "failed shelving unit with stupid stuck chainsaw and applesauce"#and finally my thing de resistance "attempted birdhouse i"
and finally my thing de resistance "attempted birdhouse i"#shall we start the bidding at say ten thousand dollars ?
shall we start the bidding at say ten thousand dollars ?#all right how about a million ?
i will give you two bucks for the bird if it is still alive#(to artsy friends) what is going on here ? you weirdos love this stuff
come on gunter kyoto (looks at watch) if we hurry we can still catch the heroin craze#wait come back i am a god to you worship me  or fear my wrath (crumbling pathetic sound) please fear my wrath please (beat) call me
int simpson house  living room  day)#i do not get it why do not people like my art anymore ?
homer i know you worked hard but all of your things were kind of the same#hey ray j johnson never changed his act and he is more popular now than he is ever been
who ?#you can call him ray / or you can call him j / or you can call him ray j / but you does not have to call him
it is so exciting to do something cultural together#(re painting) matt groening ? what is he doing in a museum ? he can barely draw
painting) matt groening ? what is he doing in a museum ? he can barely draw#ow (then panicky) oh no i am being erased
pencil) (appreciative murmur) a claes oldenburg he is a european who defied convention and embraced american popular culture#(impressed whistle) he must be a hundred feet tall
now this is a joseph turner in an era when everyone else painted portraits he broke away by painting the venetian canals#(moved) it is glorious the streets are paved with water you could ride a walrus to work
and picasso started out painting realistically then moved on to cubism by the end of his life he was just painting crank letters to the editor they call it his "angry jerk" period#(aroused gurgle) mmmm splitpea
(aroused gurgle) mmmm splitpea#with ham
any ideas yet ?#(rising) no these guys are geniuses (sadly) i could never think of something like soup or a pencil
(rising) no these guys are geniuses (sadly) i could never think of something like soup or a pencil#(moan) i am just gonna rest for a minute
(moan) i am just gonna rest for a minute#what the ? who the ? hey
(attack yell)#(as he is punched and kicked) ow ah no ow ow hey ow ow you are mean
hasta la vista baby#(moan)
(moan)#eww
eww#(annoyed grunt)
(fey action hero) soup's on fat boy#(as he is hit cans) ow hey no no ow nno ow
(as he is hit cans) ow hey no no ow nno ow#no no andy no
homer homer#(waking) marge (moans) why does art hate me ? i never did anything to art
(waking) marge (moans) why does art hate me ? i never did anything to art#oh let's get out of here
well dad if the museum did not inspire you maybe you should do something really radical like christo#is he that jerk that revealed the magicians' secrets ?
no christo is a conceptual artist who does huge outdoor projects he once wrapped the reichstag in plastic#not the reichstag
oh yes and he also set up hundreds of yellow umbrellas along the california highway#why'd he do that ?
to make the world a more magical place i guess (then sad) although they did blow over and kill some people#killer umbrellas ? of course exquisite
no dad no my point is you have to do something big and daring#big ? daring ? lisa that is it i have got an idea for a wonderful art project that'll make everyone love me again step one steal all the doormats in town
ext springfield streets  that night)#adios "casa de flanders"
see you in hell "god bless this house"#so long the simpsons (annoyed grunt)
ext springfield zoo  night  establishing)#step two snorkel the animals
(out of breath) it wasn't easy but i got all the grizzlies#great i will do the pony while you do the lions
great i will do the pony while you do the lions#make sure you strap 'em on real tight
ext springfield streets  later)#(straining) now step three
are you sure this is art not vandalism ?#that is for the courts to decide son
int simpson house  master bedroom  continuous)#(through bullhorn) wake up wake up springfield
(through bullhorn) wake up wake up springfield#(through bullhorn enticing) i have got a surprise for youuu
oh that can not be good#(through bullhorn) people of springfield behold my latest work
homer what have you done ?#it is conceptual art  the grand canals of springfield just like venice without the black plague what do you think ?
well homer i have to admit you created something people really love you truly are an artist#no i am just a nut who could not build a barbecue you will always be the artist in the family
(touched) ohh#is that our house ?
yep#and is that us on the roof ?
that is us#(leaning in a little flirty) are we kissing ?
int simpson house  tv room  continuous)#a mascot contest ? i am sure to win that (suddenly bitter) unless one of you jinxes me
yeah go for the gold dad#(covering ears panicky) shut up shut up shut up
(covering ears panicky) shut up shut up shut up#well you said i could not do it but here it is meet abby the olympic tabby
(small gasp) you papier mache'd my cat ?#just for the prototype honey
just for the prototype honey#knowing you always hate my first idea i prepared a backup how about a big olympic hello for springy the springfield spring
good work dad#(waving spring) it is fun for the whole family and the ends are razor sharp to protect our nation and its interests
(touching spring) ow#(proudly) god bless america
(amid applause) oh / springs#(stunned gasp) they picked springy in your face patty and selma
"coming hey hey hey (then quietly again) children children future future"#(to marge) i have never wanted a beer worse in my life
(to marge) i have never wanted a beer worse in my life#(gasp then sweetly) i love you honey
are you talking to me or the beer ?#(to marge) to you my bubbly longnecked beechwoodaged lover
poland eh ? ha too easy (to german representative) how you doin' germany ? here's my impression of an east german woman (slaps on fake mustache bad accent) "kiss me or i will crush you"#(to marge) he says what we are all thinking
that place sucks the nurses do not let grampa do anything they practically chew his food for him#(chewing) lucky stiff i am working my ass off here (off marge's look sweetly) good steak honey
sounds good to me#(fast) i willgetit
(wise guy voice) delivery for homer simpson#woo hoo my springs they finally came
but we lost the olympics to shelbyville#yeah but i should have no problem selling a thousand springs
to who ?#(matteroffact) idiots (looking at springs suddenly intrigued) ooh these are fun
ext skinner's house  front door  day)#(smooth sales pitch) hello little girl is your mommy home ? you will need to ask her for five dollars to buy mr bouncy bestfriend
oh i will be right down#(pained grunts)
int moe's  a little later)#(stagy) boy lenny you sure look hungry have some nuts
ow my eye ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow#(laughs) now if you want to be the life of the party like lenny here just place your order for this hilarious novelty item
homer get outta here#boy moe you sure look angry here have some nuts
int simpson house  kitchen  later that day)#(selling) welcome to the kitchen of tomorrow (stilted) today marge how much would you pay for a selfflipping hamburger pan ?
nothing#do not answer yet watch how easy it is to flip hamburgers with the help of god's greatest creation the spring
do not answer yet watch how easy it is to flip hamburgers with the help of god's greatest creation the spring#now watch this
now watch this#ow (screams) ohhh
are you okay ?#some second degree burns but some first class burgers
(annoyed murmur) i want you to get rid of these springs#but you have not seen the baby of tomorrow tadaa
but you have not seen the baby of tomorrow tadaa#now if i drop her no more tears
give me my baby#"d" it up marge i am goin' to the hole
(annoyed murmur) i want these springs out of our house today#(singing) "you flush one down / it swirls around / nine hundred and ninetynine springs to flush down"
(concerned) you are not flushing those springs down our toilet are you ?#of course not (singing) "nine hundred and ninetysix springs to flush down / nine hundred and ninetysix spriiings"
(looking over side) what the heck's going on ?#(watery) a hundred and thirtyfive springs to flush down a hundred and thirtyfive springs
int simpson living room  continuous)#and i do woo
i do not know how you can all just lay around the house on a nice day like this when was the last time we went for a good oldfashioned family walk ?#oh we stopped those when the kids said i was too fat to carry
ext evergreen terrace  moments later)#(whiny) can not we go home yet ? my feet hurt all this fresh air is making my hair move and i do not know how much longer i can complain
get a horse#(excited) could we marge ? could we get a horse ?
(firmly) we are walking homer#(whiny sounds) (pointing) there are some dogs we could all ride dogs
oh look there is the store where i buy my yarn (cautioning) but you do not want to buy your buttons there#(aside to bart) pew well i dodged a bullet
where'd you get that champagne ?#clown
clown#thanks noodles
all this commotion just for a store ?#hey it is not just a store it is a "mega" store "mega" means "good" and "store" means "thing"
int megastore  a minute later)#wow what a hightech wonderland oop got an itch
hey dad gimme fifty bucks i gotta buy some things (reconsiders) uh better make it a hundred#(assenting noise)
yeah me too#(assenting noise)
(bigger impressed sound)#(agreeing) yeah they are not great
i do i do / right here#(huge voice) i do
ha all right what is your name young man ?#(impatient tugging on dollar) i do not know just give me the dollar
well i hope this starts you on your way to a great fortune (calling) now who wants the second dollar ?#(reaching for dollar) i do
now#(quickly) i do
int power plant  core area  day)#easy easyyy
easy easyyy#woo hoo look at me i can juggle
(enters reading off index card) mm simpson#(brief shriek)
i need your help i want to be loved#i see well i will need some beer
i want you to look at me the way i saw you look at arthur fortune#(dreamily) oh arthur fortune (wistful sigh)
yes that is the look i am looking for what would make you and your slovenly kind look at me that way ?#well you do not have to call me slovenly
welcome to mensa lisa#well how 'bout donating money to charity ? lots of crazy old coots do that
take this check for two hundred thousand dollars to the springfield hospital#can do
int simpson house  dining room  later)#(realizing) wait a minute because i brought the check they named a wing after me ? (chuckles then suddenly worried) oh you must be mad
well i will be when the morphine wears off but until then (giddy) teedily deedily dee dee teedily dee dee dee woo hoo hoo hee hee hee (more giddy sounds)#gee i feel bad if people knew the real monty burns and not the silverdollarthrowing morphine addict you have become they might like you
oh i think this really sucks#good luck mr burns and if you get in trouble i wrote some jokes about how white people are different from black people
all right let's get this geezer out quick so we can bring in the lesbian gladiators#(to lesbians finishing joke) you see white people have names like "lenny" whereas black people have names like "carl" (chuckles)
(to lesbians finishing joke) you see white people have names like "lenny" whereas black people have names like "carl" (chuckles)#(makes "over their heads" sound and gesture)
that did not go well did it ?#(shakes head) good thing those lesbians knew cpr
oh what is the use ? i will never be a popular beloved billionaire like arthur fortune#(dreamy) ooo arthur fortune (dreamy sigh) you know what that fabulous man just did ? he gave the springfield zoo two male pandas and got them to mate successfully
and a stunt like that impresses people ?#oh yeah and i am not easily impressed (pointing os) wow a blue car
well if a couple of chinese bamboo gobblers can win people's hearts i am gonna bring them something that man has searched for since the dawn of time#a sober irishman ?
ext scotland  day)#whew that was one long helicopter ride
ext loch ness  day)#do you really think you can capture the loch ness monster ? i mean he is eluded leonard nimoy and peter graves
ach the whole town's turned out i have never seen them so excited#hey willie that old couple looks just like you
aye#good good one more
where is my monster tubby ? what do you people think i am paying you for ?#uh to work in your power plant ?
the beast looks something like this only without the saucy tshirt#check
int pub  continuous)#(pinballplaying grunts then) tilt ? you monster
we are the laughingstock of the town (points os)#do not worry mr burns we are gonna find that monster no matter how long it takes (coy) besides i am getting kind of used to wearing a kilt (giggle)
do not worry mr burns we are gonna find that monster no matter how long it takes (coy) besides i am getting kind of used to wearing a kilt (giggle)#can you believe i am a size four ? woo
(shaking head) nay 'tis merely loch ness high school's discarded homecoming float#no way aberdeen rules
(scream)#god it is him
ext harbor  a little later)#well if you wanted people to love you you sure blew it with that insane rampage
well if you wanted people to love you you sure blew it with that insane rampage#(trying to cheer him up) but you know what ? to be loved you have to be nice to people every day but to be hated you do not have to do squat
(nuzzling homer and burns purring sound)#(re monster) so what do we do with our friend here ? uh throw him in the dumpster ?
ext vegas casino  establishing)#(annoyed grunt)
tough luck simpson#come on nessie one more pull
(warning shriek)#okay okay you want a shrimp cocktail ?
(disappointed noise) i was really starting to enjoy ethnic mismatch comedy #644 i have never heard so many viagra jokes in thirty seconds (chuckles)#shuuuut uppa you mouth
sponsored by "grandma plopwell's" the lowfat pudding that is approved for sale by the government#all right a grossout contest (reverent) grandma plopwell you have done it again
next up homer and his amazing reddenbacher dreamcoat with a number he calls "kernel knowledge"#(singing to tune of "hot blooded") "i am hot buttered / check it and see / i got a fever of four fiftythree"
(singing to tune of "hot blooded") "i am hot buttered / check it and see / i got a fever of four fiftythree"#(woozily half singing) "i am hot so very hot"
(woozily half singing) "i am hot so very hot"#fours ?
fours ?#ow ow oh
all right judges ? who is our winner ?#judges can not win the contest booooo
(animal noises)#take that
today our town lost what remained of its fragile civility drowned in a sea of lowfat pudding#look i got runnerup prize
you won second place ?#no but i got it
no but i got it#(perfunctory) stealing is wrong
int hallway  continuous)#(to self) "free boudoir photography" sweet
(to self) "free boudoir photography" sweet#hm
hm#(gasps)
(gasps)#(remembering) oh right
dad did you see anything provocative in today's paper ?#yes there is a real think piece here about a bra sale
dad stop kidding around look they printed my letter#hey that is wonderful sweetie i am gonna read it just as soon as i finish what i am doing here
well i am sure someone had the time to read it#i envy them
int simpson house  master bedroom  day)#(on phone phony voice) hello i have a certificate for a free erotic photo session
oh yes your name ?#(covering) uh geraldo simpson
all right mr simpson#(screams) who told you ?
do not worry these photos are perfectly legal many husbands use them as a romantic gift for their wives#(nervous) uh you are not gonna ask me to pose nude are ya ?
well yes unless you have some issues with revealing your body#well i do not but the block association seems to (mocking) they wanted a "traditional" santa claus
oh dad i just spent the day with the most wonderful people#oh that is great honey you tell me everything you can before the commercial's over
well for the first time in my life i feel that someone understands#(points to tv) upbupbupbup
are you ready in there mr simpson ?#(nervous) are you sure you are a fully accredited and bonded pornographer ?
just come out#please be kind
(professional lying) you look fantastic (then) let me just adjust my lens here#now you are sure this will save my marriage ?
dad ? dad ? are you home ?#(annoyed grunt)
that is too clever you are one of them#(gasp scream) do not look do not look do not look
(gasp scream) do not look do not look do not look#okay i think he is gone
okay i think he is gone#(to photographer) let's reschedule
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#gee you said you were gonna to make me look sexier but it is awfully dark in here
all right let's do this thing#it is time to get homererotic
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#(sing song) maarge oh maaarge
(sing song) maarge oh maaarge#i have got something for you
oh homie#houston we have a problem a sexy problem
(amused) homie ? well look at you#(brandishing "paw") grrr i am gonna to maul you
(impressed) wooh wooh look at those silk pillows it is like the set of some highclass porno film#(chuckling) no no it is just our basement
(confused sound) hold on wha that is our basement ?#yeah so ? come on more kissing
(excited) it looks so elegant and all it takes are some lace curtains and a beaded lampshade you have got to show me exactly what you did#but i was gonna score
silence i do not need anyone to talk for me except this voicebox you have clearly been corrupted by power for shame#larry flynt is right you guys stink
oh#now's our opening come on you idiots we are taking back this town
lisa thank god you are okay#did you have fun with your robot buddy ?
(covering) who is up for some beers ?#i am
your theory of a donutshaped universe is intriguing homer i may have to steal it#wow i can not believe someone i never heard of is hangin' out with a guy like me
i did not say that#(computer voice) yes i did
(computer voice) yes i did#(small computerized annoyed grunt)
(small computerized annoyed grunt)#larry flynt is right you guys stink
ext simpson house  establishing)#hey why did not you tell me the new issue of "weird" was here ? (chuckles) i love their hilarious sendups of hit movies
dad it is not#(reading) "gigabytes" (giggling) they have done it again (more giggles then realizing) gigabytes wait this is not "weird" (further realizing) why there is no magazine called "weird" is there ?
(noticing) hey look there is a cybercafe opening right here in springfield will you take me dad ? please ? (selling) i will show you how to order pizza over the internet#(skeptical) the internet ? is that thing still around ?
bart the internet is more than a global pornography network it is a#(calling) come on lisa monkeys
wow dad you are surfing like a pro#oh yeah i am betting on jaialai in the cayman islands i invested in something called news corp
dad that is fox#(hitting keyboard furiously) ahh undo undo uhh
(worried) dad do we have any money left ?#well let's check the old bank account
well let's check the old bank account#see ? even after all my cybersquandering we have still got twelve hundred dollars
yoink dot adios backslash losers#(defeated moan)
we were robbed ?#you seem to know an awful lot about this for an "innocent person"
we were saving that money for our family vacation now we are gonna have to start all over again (sighs sadly)#(off her sad look) ohh do not worry sweetheart i will get us the money even if i have to get a second job
evening neighbor low on funds again ?#(looking down contrite) yes sir
now homer we can not have you burglarizing us every time you have got a bill to pay#(ashamed) i know sir i am sorry sir
(ashamed) i know sir i am sorry sir#it is just that you and maude live like royalty in your fancy castle while i got marge trapped over there like a pig in a mud beehive
it is just that you and maude live like royalty in your fancy castle while i got marge trapped over there like a pig in a mud beehive#(gasp then in awe) they are years ahead of us
oh we are not as welloff as you think we give to eight different churches just to hedge our bets and the leftorium's business has gone way downhill since leftopolis moved in next door#well if you are not rich then how come you have a new refrigerator an electric can opener a milkshake machine
ohhoho we picked those up cheap (chipper) they were evidence in a murder trial#sweet
we got that tip at the chuck garabedian megasavings seminar#(making a sandwich intrigued) go on
i think you will find living thrifty a lot more satisfying than stealing#(thoughtful) maybe you are right ned maybe you are right
are you tired of missing out on the good things in life ? family vacations jet packs solid gold dancers#(to marge) there is only three left in the world
(chanting) squeeze every penny squeeze every penny#i am squeezing i am squeezing it (then mystified) hey i squeezed so hard it went into my hand
(rejecting noises) eww#wow this plankton's only 33 cents
(reading label) um according to the mexican council of food this expired two years ago#sure by their standards but we live in america
this also says it can cause red tide poisoning#(pained) but it is so cheap
int simpson house  kitchen  a week later)#well let's see what is in the ol' vacation fund
homer you could've just unscrewed the bottom#a little late for "could've's" marge
come on transylvania#(jamaican accent) no mon let's go home to jamaica i and i been in babylon too long
(gasp) c'mon homer japan#(whiny jamaican) no no japan jamaica i wanna pass the doochie on the lefthand side
never mind looks like the flanders' are gonna get those seats anyway#(no jamaican suddenly angry) oh so flanders thinks he can steal our vacation huh ?
(no jamaican suddenly angry) oh so flanders thinks he can steal our vacation huh ?#(to family) c'mon
(distressed sound)#sayonara suckers
come on homer japan will be fun (selling) you liked "rashomon"#that is not how i remember it besides if we want to see japanese people we could have gone to the zoo
homer#what ? the guy who washes the elephants is japanese his name is takashi he is in my book club
(impressed murmur) i never knew jim belushi made so many movies#yeah is not it amazing ? they are filming one right now in the bathroom
yeah is not it amazing ? they are filming one right now in the bathroom#it is gonna be on towards the end of the flight
toga toga toga 2000#marge they stole my idea
ext tokyo hotel  establishing)#here's our room
homer you are supposed to slide those doors open#i do not have time for that
(calling) mom lis check it out dad's on tv#(relieved) ohh yeah
what the ?#(shrugs) oh all right
robots be right back#whew all that seizing made me hungry
me too (excited) let's go to an authentic japanese noodle house#the toilet recommended a place called americatown
ext americatown restaurant  establishing  day)#(indignant) i can not believe they stuck us at taxachusetts
(indignant) i can not believe they stuck us at taxachusetts#(examines map on table) hey you know i once knew a man from nantucket
and ?#let's just say the stories about him are greatly exaggerated
do not ask me i do not know anything i am product of american education system i also build poor quality cars and inferiorstyle electronics#(chuckles) oooh they got our number
(choking noises)#one square watermelon please
oh my goodness homer those are a hundred and fifty dollars#it is worth every cent i am tired of fumbling with round fruit
it is worth every cent i am tired of fumbling with round fruit#(annoyed grunt)
but you promised me we'd do something japanese#oh of course you are right you know i read about a shinto tea house where they practice the traditional run bart
hey look is not that woody allen ?#(looking) looks like he is doing a commercial
ext sumo stadium  establishing  day)#(chews then) mmm fifty dollar pretzel (noticing sumo) hey what is baby huey doing ?
(reading program) says here they throw salt before they wrestle to purify the ring#hmmm
hmmm#spare some salt tubby ?
tubby ? (japanese)#hey that is mine
hey that is mine#like we say in my country "hasta la vista baby"
congratulations i am the emperor and#(sarcastic) yeah and i am clobbersaurus
int sumo arena  another area)#all hail emperor clobbersaurus
your wife has paid your bail mr simpsonsan#thank god i could not take another minute in this hellhole
now can we do something japanese ?#oh i am sick of doing japanese stuff in jail we had to be in this dumb kabuki play about the fortyseven ronin and i wanted to be oshi but they made me ori
oh i am sick of doing japanese stuff in jail we had to be in this dumb kabuki play about the fortyseven ronin and i wanted to be oshi but they made me ori#i did not what is it ? lunch ?
then we had to do two hours of origami followed by flower arranging and meditation#(japanese)
honey i know you want to see japan but we are down to our last million yen#do not worry ichiban i will show you something japanese
oh it is beautiful dad#it is a crane the japanese believe they bring good luck
be careful we need that money to get home#(speaking japanese) shimatta bakame
the united states will not stand idly by while one of its citizens is stuck here like this#(struggling sounds)
(struggling sounds)#(pained noise)
(singing) knifeah goes in gutsah comeah out that isah what osaka seafood concern is all about (being gutted sound) (pained sounds)#this sucks what else is on ?
(sharply) do not patronize me (then friendly) now simpson family have you picked a wish ?#well i have not talked it over with the family but i think we'd all like a free dinner at americatown
now our gameshows are a little different from yours your shows reward knowledge we punish ignorance#ignor what ?
ignor what ?#(brief scream)
okay let's begin our categories are "ow that hurts" "why are you doing this to me ?" and "please let me die"#do "ow that hurts"
i had an inkling#could someone please whack my hernia back in ?
mr simpson we will cut you down as soon as you answer one question about japan#is the answer japan ?
ext tokyo tower  later)#(nervous noise)
ext tokyo tower  continuous)#(pained noises)
congratulations simpsons the airline tickets are yours all you have to do is to pick them upfrom inside that volcano#(pleading) why are you so cruel ?
this vacation really blows#well at least we are past the lightning round
well at least we are past the lightning round#hmmm i see (looking up hopefully) i sure hope they do not have an ice cream round
(gasp) lisa#marge your shoe
oh i am afraid this might be the end#well at least we will die doing what we love inhaling molten rock
int gameshow set  continuous)#(writhing in lava scream) it burns it burns
do not worry that "lava" is just orangeade made by our sponsor osaka orangeade concern#it burns it burns
(proudly) it is loaded with wasabi kudos simpsons you have won your freedom#(lecturing) before i go i want to say something game shows are not about cruelty they are about greed and wonderful prizes like poorlybuilt catamarans but somewhere along the line you lost your way for shame
int hallway)#i love this show take that you stupid hosers
when we get to thirtyfive thousand feet he usually does let go so from there on out all we have to do is worry about mothra and uh we do have reports he is tied up with gamra and rodan at the present time thank you very much#(screams) undo undo
test drive the electaurus today and get a free gift#(sits up sniffles then touched) my children deserve to see me get a free gift
i am proud of you dad buying an electric car will help clean the air up and protect the earth's supply (off homers guilty look) you are faking this to get the gift are not you ?#but i like the nice things you said about me
(embarrassed) well that shut me up#(to salesperson bluffing badly) hello i uh love your planet deeply and am interested in purchasing one of your electronic autos (stifles giggle)
(hands keys to homer) well it is always nice to meet people concerned about the environment#what kind a mint ?
boy that quiet engine sure makes conversation a lot easier#yeah it is got a lot of other problems too
(frightened) ah dad you are headed for the harbor#relax we are in an electric car
(scream)#see ? everything's fine
see ? everything's fine#hey dolphins
hey dolphins#oopsie
oopsie#hi girls
hi girls#(disappointed) ohhh
(disappointed) ohhh#salt water seems to be good for it
ext car dealership  establishing  a short while later (no new animation required))#(calmly) um i am sorry the car did not meet my ecoconcerns can i have my prize now ?
(realizing) hey we never opened that envelope to see what our gift is#we did not ? that is odd seems like we would've done that right after we left the car place
i know but we did not#(holds up envelope) well here it is so we can open it and find out now
perfect#aww movie tickets that hardly seems worth destroying a car
(grabs tickets excited murmur) they are passes to a test screening of a new movie starring (gasps) mel gibson#who else is in it ?
who cares ? mel gibson#mel gibson is just a guy marge no different than me or lenny
were you or lenny ever named sexiest man alive ?#hmmm i am not certain about lenny
besides it is not just his chisled good looks (building) people magazine says he is a devoted father goes to church every week and likes to fix things around the (grabs homer then quickly) homer let's make love#(flustered sounds) okay
(flustered sounds) okay#(insecure) uh you are thinking about me right ?
(sincere) of course homey are not you thinking about me ?#(relieved) i will now
love thy neighbor"#(to marge) boring
it is not boring he is passionate about government#(dismissive sound) at least the jimmy stewart version had that giant rabbit who ran the savings and loan
(pleased murmurs) (mr burns) excellent / (mayor quimby) that man knows how to filibuster#(to marge loudly) well that was a stinker
i liked it it was nice to see a movie where people solved their problems with words instead of bullets and chasing#oh you are just saying that because your "boyfriend" was in it i will bet you would've hated it if me and lenny were mr smith
(flustered giggling)#(seething) oh that is it i am telling mr stupidest man alive what i really thought of his movie hey gibson
(friendly) eh yes sir ?#(still seething angry sound) got a pencil ?
(hands homer pencil) there you go#(still seething) thanks
(still seething) thanks#(angry muttering) stupid
(angry muttering) stupid#(still seething) 'preciate it
ext simpson house  an hour later  establishing)#(still watching tv) door marge
i am looking for (checks card) homer simpson#(jumps up) and i have been lookin' for you too pal
(excited) quiet dad's gonna get his butt kicked by mel gibson knock his teeth out homer#(at door) listen gibson i am tired of hollywood pretty boys like you and jack valenti thinking you can have any woman you want you see this ?
(at door) listen gibson i am tired of hollywood pretty boys like you and jack valenti thinking you can have any woman you want you see this ?#it symbolizes that she is my property and i own her
mr simpson i need your help#(confused) huh ?
i think you are right about my movie and i want you to help me make it better#(immediately turned) really ? you want my help ? marge did you hear that ? mel gibson wants my help mel gibson
but dad i thought you hated#(quietly singsong) shuutuup
(puts hand on homer's shoulder) do not sell your husband short mrs simpson#(hurt) she is always doing that mel
homer is a brutally honest man completely tactless and insensitive#(embaressed giggle) guilty as charged
i do not have much time homer will you come to hollywood with me ?#(misty) you had me at "hello"
int minivan  continuous)#(impressed) a minivan oh boy you celebrities sure know how to live what is this ? toyota previa ?
dodge caravan#(impressed whistle) sweet
ext mel gibson's office  a few minutes later)#okay while mel and i are working why do not you guys do the town ? i hear all the stars eat at a place called (confidentially) planet hollywood
can i stay with you dad ?#sorry son but we are going to be very busy (loud whisper) mel's movie really stinks
int mel's office  continuous)#okay this opening scene should be in fast motion everybody likes that 'cause it looks funny
(analogue speedup to double time) well even if he is big deal#i mean lisa
(analogue speedup to double time) see ya#(chuckles)
(dubiously) i do not think so#okay here you need a musical montage where you try on lots of funny hats it will let us see your playful side
no#yeah but
you want me to replace the villain with a dog ? i mean nobody'll know what is going on#they will if you set up that the dog is evil all you have to do is show him doing this (darts eyes back and forth while murmuring) and people will suspect the dog
maybe this wasn't a good idea homer i am sorry i dragged you out here llet me pay your bus fare home#(disapproving) ahahah (while still watching film) now here's your biggest problem of all
the filibuster scene ? that was jimmy stewart's favorite#(explaining) and it was fine for the 1930's the country was doing great back then everyone was into talking but now in whatever year this is the audience wants action and seats with beverage holders but mainly action
(considering) you really think the end is boring ?#oh mel it is the most boring piece of garbage i have ever seen and it is not easy for me to say that
oh mel it is the most boring piece of garbage i have ever seen and it is not easy for me to say that#it was symbolism he was mad
(looking at film) hmm i guess it is a little flat (decisive) okay let's reshoot the ending i will call the hair and makeup ladies you see if the teamsters will work for free#piece o' cake now where is that kid with my latte ?
(to execs) okay this new ending#(quickly)  weshotlastnight
 is a little different than what we had but i think you will like it it is missing some sound effects and the computer guys have not added the twinkle in my eye#(sotto) mel you are coming off desperate (calling) roll it louie
(sotto) mel you are coming off desperate (calling) roll it louie#here comes two
(wildeyed) i move we impose some serious term limits#(calling down) i second that motion
(calling down) i second that motion#(dramatically) with a vengeance
but this was gonna be the studio's prestige picture like "howard's end" or "sophie's choice"#(disgusted noise) those movies sucked i only saw 'em to get marge into the sack (proud) ps mission accomplished
i make movies for guys like him#yeah guys like me
who are you anyway ?#do the words "executive producer" mean anything to you ?
(surprised) executive producer ?#we will talk
all right all right i am sorry but this film is never going to see the light of day#(gasp)
you put me down you big lummox jeeedd#watch out comin' through mach schnell
(pointing) homer land mine#i am on it
i am on it#(doppler yell)
ext street outside studio)#how old are you anyway ?
well i have been told i can play anywhere from 28 to#(dismissive) sorry i asked
(dismissive) sorry i asked#oh crap here they come
(sighs) well that is it homer (sadly) we should've known better than to match wits with studio executives#hey come on turn that downunder frown upside down we are not finished yet
homer what are you doing here ?#no time talk need steal car must save powerful but controversial movie
no time talk need steal car must save powerful but controversial movie#(notices something short gasp)
(notices something short gasp)#(panicked sounds scans room then) hello
(panicked sounds scans room then) hello#quick mel get in
oh forget it homer let's just give 'em the stupid movie#(upset) movies are not stupid they fill us with romance and hatred and revenge fantasies "lethal weapon" showed us that suicide is funny
that really wasn't my intention#before "lethal weapon 2" i never thought there could be a bomb in my toilet but now i check every time
movies mean that much to you homer ?#(nods) they are my only escape from the drudgery of work and family
(nods) they are my only escape from the drudgery of work and family#(sweetly) no offense
oh sorry honey i used up the last roll on that man i thought was judge judy#(looking back) well i think we lost 'em
(looking back) well i think we lost 'em#oh wait there they are
int road warrior car  continuous)#(sarcastic) great idea mel now it is my turn
what are you doing ?#i am tired of running away did "braveheart" run away ? did "payback" run away ? it is time we showed those suits what we are made of
will you please tell me the rest of the plan ?#it is your plan from "braveheart" your army mooned the enemy until they could take no more and surrendered
no they did not they attacked us in a horribly bloody battle remember ?#actually i did not see it but on the poster it
(looks over) homer are you okay ?#(still hunched over) i think so
(still hunched over) i think so#(quietly) no
(impressed) that digital sound really lets you hear the blood splatter#(looking mel over) i do not get it mel how can you be so calm and cool ? my stomach's full of vomiting butterflies
(looking mel over) i do not get it mel how can you be so calm and cool ? my stomach's full of vomiting butterflies#okay that is it (primping) let's get ready to meet our public
i am jimmy stewart's granddaughter and you will be hearing from my attorney#(pained sound) / ow
(pained sound) / ow#(rueful noise) we shoulda put in the dog with the shifty eyes
(rueful noise) we shoulda put in the dog with the shifty eyes#oh i am sorry i ruined your career mel
it is not your fault homer i guess there is just no room in today's crazy gentle america for violent dinosaurs like us#how did the country lose its way mel ? when did we stop rooting for the man with the flamethrower or an acidspraying gun of some kind ?
i blame the internet and the return of swing music#well whatever it is we have got to get rolling on our next picture
well whatever it is we have got to get rolling on our next picture#hey what about a prequel to something ? everybody loves prequels
i do not#okay mr difficult how about a teen sex romp where you and your buddies are always trying to get some ?
okay mr difficult how about a teen sex romp where you and your buddies are always trying to get some ?#no wait a ghost who wins the lottery you could be the ghost or the lottery commissioner ooh what about indiana jones ? does anyone own the rights to that ?
no wait a ghost who wins the lottery you could be the ghost or the lottery commissioner ooh what about indiana jones ? does anyone own the rights to that ?#(calling) hey mel i fell out
thank you for coming#(courtly bow) thank you for getting me out of work
your son is a ravenous demon relentlessly gnawing at all that is good and true#(chuckles casually) yeah he is somethin' else all right
but worst of all he drags down the grades of anyone who sits near him just look at this pattern#hey that looks like bart
how should i know ? the point is add makes children restless and easily distracted#(lamely) hi marge it is me homer
(clears throat)#(off their looks) what ? time to go ?
 unless you are willing to try a radical untested potentially dangerous#(hopefully) candy bar ?
(gasp) good lord he is gotten into the pep closet#(chuckling) i'd say he is coming out of the pep closet (chuckles)
check this out#(enthralled seeing possibilities) they become your slaves
the only thing more effective is regular exercise#(shudders)
how will we get bart to take these ?#(taking bottle) it is all about trust honey
(looking at pill) medication ?#(syrupy) some special helpers that'll make you a good boy
i do not want to take drugs#sure you do all your favorite stars have used drugs brett butler tim allen
tommy lee#andy dick
he is just flamboyant#(catty) yeah and i am a size four
dad i admit i have some problems but drugs are not the answer#why you little
ext tree house  a minute later)#(calling slyly) son let's forget all about that drug thing why do not you just come down and have some taffy ?
nice try homer#just take one bite if you are not one hundred per cent different
just take one bite if you are not one hundred per cent different#ow
ow#geez what is the big deal ? look i will even eat some
geez what is the big deal ? look i will even eat some#now
all right i will do it for you#way to guilt him marge
(touched sound)#do i get a card ?
no but here's a book called "chicken soup for the loser" that gave bill buckner the courage to open a chain of laundromats#(stands up to take book) hmm my career has kinda lost momentum
i think it is the bright blue pants i mean you are not on a golf course#(thoughtfully) well i have been thinking about making them into cutoffs
int power plant  soda machine  next day)#i tell ya the kid's a wonder he organized all the lawsuits against me into one class action
that is gonna save all kindsa travel time#you know it plus he gave me this appointment dealy
you know it plus he gave me this appointment dealy#got my whole week in there
quiet everybody#oh this thing'll do anything watch i will ask it how many leagues in a furlong no wait (punches buttons) i will make it say "whatsa matta you ?" in turkish
what is your problem ?)#and look at this (slides out small panel) a cheese grater
a guy could do great things with a gadget like that#well if you want one they sell 'em at
int simpson house  tv room  night)#(gasp) the boy's still studying ?
that is right you stay on the ball you stay on the wall#he is gone from goofus to gallant and we owe it all to mindbending pills
bart's so wellbehaved now maybe you and i could have a night out#ooh let's go to the waterpark my tenyear ban ended yesterday
i was thinking of something a little more adult#(tickled) oh marge
(seductively) and then afterwards (whispers again)#(giggles then thrilled) really ? with butterscotch on it ?
all right girls tops off it is showtime#marge this is the greatest gift any wife has ever given her husband
ext evergreen terrace  night)#that was fun we have to get out more often
i heard about a new bar where men dance with men does not that sound adorable ?#well sure if it is true
(a little upset) i am so glad you are here bart's really acting funny#ray j funny or oj funny ?
it can read your electronic organizer from space#(pulls out organizer) even mine ?
(pulls out organizer) even mine ?#hey i had lenny's name on that
who else ? major league baseball#(loud stage whisper) maarge i think bart's gone crazy
aagghh#(happy) hey you found my needlenose pliers
any other strange behavior ?#wake up honey
wake up honey#he quit blinking he says that is when they get ya
this carboxyl group sometimes causes problems#(to carboxyl group bitterly) after we trusted you
(knocking pills away) no#(playfully) uhoh somebody's gonna have a tummyache
(relaxed sigh)#(disappointed) hey there was just air in mine (sudden stricken sound)
oh my little guy's out there in the hot sun without his sombrero#(looks at pill bottle) we should have paid more attention to these sideeffects it is all here  erratic behavior paranoia diarrhea
(the silver lining) i do not think he has diarrhea#but how do we know marge ? how do we know ?
int moe's  later)#so i gave up tap for jazz and i have never regretted it and here's why
homer you are supposed to be hunting for bart#i am on top of it
what a day first the drinking fountain squirts me and now this#my god is she brave standing up to that freakedout junkie
(appalled) dad that junkie is your son#(embarrassed) why do not you just tell everybody ?
not the church jesus lives there#the frame store you monster
hey at least i got to see some cool colors#and mark mcgwire gave you an autographed bat
why is the zero made out of glass ?#who cares ? that man can really slug
dad it is great that you volunteered to drive  but how did you get out of work ?#do not worry sweetie daddy's got it covered
dingus#(warmly) god bless you nelson muntz
(modest) i am no hero i just like to hit people in the head#hey you (honk) you cut me off ah yeah (honk) you
(peering out window) dad that is an ambulance#(chagrinned) oh right (then) (honk) ambulance think you are so big with your (honk) siren and your letters on backwards
(chagrinned) oh right (then) (honk) ambulance think you are so big with your (honk) siren and your letters on backwards#here we are kids  the zoo
well that is great dad except you were supposed to drive us to the newspaper#(annoyed grunt)
welcome to the springfield shopper established in 1883 the newspaper was founded by johnny newspaperseed a fourteenyearold boy who roamed america founding newspapers#if he is so smart how come he is dead ?
check it out dad you can print out the headline from the day you were born#(intrigued) ooo pointless nostalgia
(intrigued) ooo pointless nostalgia#i'd sure hate to be him (chuckles uncomfortable sound)
int press room  continuous)#hey i smell cake cake that says (sniffs) "farewell" and (sniffs again) "best wishes"
(to other editors) i would not want to be married to her i mean again#(chomping noises)
who are you and why are you ruining my retirement party ?#(haughty) i will have you know i wandered off from the tour
well at least you like the food#oh i like food all right
oh i like food all right#(sings) i like pizza / i like bagels / i like hot dogs with mustard and beer
i get the picture#(sings) i will eat eggplant / i could even eat a baby deer la la la la la la la la la la who is that baby deer on the lawn there
enough already#sorry
(suddenly inspired) hey listen i just had a thought we are looking for a new food critic someone who does not immediately poohpooh everything he eats#no it usually takes a few hours
(cutting to chase) look i'd like to give you a tryout write a 500 word sample review if it passes muster we will put you on staff#thanks for the chance you will not never regret this mr editing guy
you know homie the "e" does not work on that typewriter#we do not need no stinkin' "e" (thinking) restaurant review no eatery evaluation no (then inspired types furiously) food box go or no go ? by homer no earl no bill simpson
int springfield shopper  that evening)#well  what do you think ?
this is a joke right ? i mean this is the stupidest thing i have ever read#(crestfallen) what is wrong with it ?
well you keep using words like "pasketti" and "momatoes" you make numerous threatening references to the un and at the end you repeat the words (puzzled) "screw flanders" over and over again#(moans) it was so hard to get to 500 words
(gently) aw look homer i am sorry but#(cutting him off) no no you are right it is a joke (forced laugh) everyone laugh at the funny joke (big forced laugh) i will be right back with the real review
int simpson bathroom  night)#(upset sound) still not clean stink of failure still on me
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#(scrubs violently) still not clean still not clean
int lisa's room  continuous)#okay what restaurant should we review ?
well we went to pat labelle last week how 'bout that ?#great now let me think the food was not undelicious
(types) "the food is delicious"#(gasps) that is brilliant (thinks) and they have this sweet sweet chocolate mousse  really the only word for it is (rapturous gurgle)
hm what is the english equivalent for (rapturous gurgle) ? i'd say transcendent#how about groingrabbingly transcendent ?
uh i do not think so#(warmly) we make a good team a groingrabbingly good team
497 498 words hmph#how about "screw flanders" ?
(typing) "bon appetit"#(grudging) aw they are both good
not bad not bad at all (excited) we are gonna run this on page one of section h2#(thrilled) woo hoo stop the presses
(thrilled) woo hoo stop the presses#okay start the presses
(suppressing rage) that takes four hours#whatever i will be at moe's
this is so exciting homie your first restaurant review#(looking around paranoid) marge shh it is important that no one know that i am a food critic
if anything appears to be moving that is just freshness arrr#can ya believe it marge ? this job is the greatest  they are paying me to eat
yeah now if you could just get somebody to pay you for scratching your butt we will be on easy street#why you little (strangles bart)
(excited) wow my first published article although someone else's name is on it#(chuckle) welcome to the humiliating world of professional writing but this is only the beginning
ext planet springfield restaurant  night  establishing)#(gasp) there is the coffee mug from "heartbeeps"
and there is that awful script from the cable guy#let me see
let me see#stupid script nearly wrecked jim carrey's career you (angry scripthating noises) i am gonna (more angry noises) what ?
the food is exquisite#and the view is beautiful inspirational nauseating (woozy noises)
i never knew everything was so good#look marge i am making a difference in people's lives
hey homer c'mere#(panicky) are you gonna fire me for swiping office supplies ?
no#whew
some of your fellow critics wanted to meet you (pointing)  this is garth trelawny tv critic#(furious) why you you made them cancel "platypus man"
homer this is our theater critic daphne beaumont#and the cosby mysteries that show had limitless possibilities
homer please#sorry
jamie kilday farm supply critic just got back from the gopher poison show in paris let me tell you something people the days of clubbing them with a baseball bat are over#for you perhaps
listen we have been meaning to have a talk with you about your reviews everything's a rave nine thumbs up ? what the hell is that ?#i have given out my share of bad reviews
well the only bad review you gave was to a slice of pizza you found under the couch#it lost some points 'cause it had a hot wheel on it
(pulls clipping from pocket) "we see john deere has come out with this year's line of rototillers surprise surprise they are green i say it is time to send john deere a 'dear john'"#(huge laughs) oh that is classic
you do not have to patronize me#(abruptly ceases laughing) okay
(very upset) it is not ? (moan)#hm this pea soup is as weak as the acting and nowhere near as hammy
dad that is so mean#the other critics told me to be mean and you should always give in to peer pressure
but what if someone bad tells me to#(emphatic) always
int luigi's  the next evening)#ah not bad if lasagna is italian for "pile of puke"
(crazed) i chopa you good#well i hope you cut me better than you did these string beans (feeling his ear) hm i seem to be missing a piece of my ear touch
who wants pork chops ?#(skeptical) mm
(skeptical) mm#sorry marge i am afraid this gets my lowest rating ever seven thumbs up
(hurt) you always liked my pork chops#marge i am sorry but your cooking's only got two moves "shake" and "bake"
you like shake and bake you used to put it in your coffee#people change marge my palate has grown more sophisticated
oh yeah ? what is a palate ?#oh it is a special time in a boy's life when gotta go
oh it is a special time in a boy's life when gotta go#so come to the legless frog if you want to get sick and die and leave a big garlicky corpse ps parking was ample
dad you are being cruel for no reason  what will people think ?#(bombastic) people will think what i tell them to think when you tell me what to tell them to think
not anymore i do not wanna be partners with a man who feels like that#nobody talks to me that way i am homer simpson the most powerful food critic in town who will never get his comeuppance you hear me ? no comeuppance (awkward pause) we will be right back
int simpson kitchen  night)#(to self) i do not need lisa to write a good review "the food at the gilded truffle really" uh (looks os) what is a good word ?
(sucks)#sucks that is great "and the bread was really" c'mon help me out here
ruff#"rough" (then) ah i do not know you have been pitching that all night
(doglike) chewy ?#"chewy" that is inspired
homer what gives with this review ? you say the salad tastes like "bark" the potatoes were very (dog growl) this reads like it was written by a dog#(defensive) are you crazy ? a dog can not type (sadly) unfortunately
listen you gotta shape up next week is the "taste of springfield" festival and you will be reviewing every restaurant in town remember people have certain expectations about the lifeways section#(puzzled) really ? like what ?
homie my women's intuition's acting up something bad's going to happen if you go in there#oh marge something bad usually happens to me when i go in anywhere (cheerfully whistles)
oh marge something bad usually happens to me when i go in anywhere (cheerfully whistles)#(chipper) a bat now that is a new one
(chipper) a bat now that is a new one#so what are you up to young lady ?
i am reviewing the festival for our school paper#oh well i am glad to see my expartner is doing so well without me (chuckle)
oh well i am glad to see my expartner is doing so well without me (chuckle)#pedestrian
pedestrian#(eating noises) uninspired
(eating noises) uninspired#i did not say stop
i did not say stop#(eating noises)
we can find him faster by splitting up (points to marge) you take fried foods (points to bart) you take salty snacks (points to self) i will take desserts (claps hands once) break#oh (woozy) so full bellybutton moving from innie to outie
a rude frenchman ? well i never#(gasp) ooh sweet
(louder) it is gonna kill you#eh i have had a good run
do not (thinking desperately) uh um (then inspired) it is lowfat#noooo
oh he likes eggs#(grateful) oh lisa you saved me and after all the bad things i said about you
what bad things ? why ?#oh lisa the important thing is i did not get my comeuppance and i never will
(worried) uh dad ?#(trying not to panic) i know honey the important thing is  run
(trying not to panic) i know honey the important thing is  run#finally getting my comeuppance
i still can not believe we escaped from those horrible vampires#but it was worth it to get back our super sugar crisp cereal
but it was worth it to get back our super sugar crisp cereal#(sings a la sugar bear) "can not get enough of that sugar crisp"
(squinting) i am having a hard time seeing homer did you remember to put the fog lights in ?#(to tune of sugar crisp song) "guess i forgot to put the fog lights in"
ned flanders#he is dead
he is dead#(scared) he is definitely dead
they will never believe a simpson killed a flanders by accident (looking at marge) even i have my doubts#(seriously) do not worry i have got a plan okay ned the first thing we have to do is
(seriously) do not worry i have got a plan okay ned the first thing we have to do is#to make sure that no one knows that you are dead and if anyone asks (whispers) you are not dead
ext simpsons house  the next day)#(shouting) hey maude look who is helping me clean the chimney
(squinting) neddy ? where have you been ?#(as flanders) hi maude diddily i have been having fun with my pal homer (beat) diddily
oh i am so relieved whenever you go on one of your late night fog walks i get so worried#(as flanders) relax i am fine but when i do die i do not want any autopsies
well come on down you goofy roofy#(as flanders) wow it sure is slippery up here
(turns to house) my pies are done#(frustrated) aww she missed it
ext flanders house  front door  later)#(as flanders) hey maude i am home (stagey) uhoh i think i am having a heart attack
(scream)#(dusting hands) and that is the end of that chapter
ext church  the next day)#(to family loud whisper) try not to look too sad  it will seem suspicious
 and now ned's best friend will say a few words homer ?#(consults notecards) when i think about ned i can not help but remember the look on his face when marge drove over
(through clenched teeth) shut up shut up shut up#oh wait what i'd like to say is we are still looking for the real killers anyway in conclusion a man cannot be forced to testify against his wife (winks at marge)
stop winking#(to ned) we will miss you buddy
ext simpson home  later that day)#hey we just got away with murder (excited) and it was so easy
hey we just got away with murder (excited) and it was so easy#you know i have never liked that little wiener milhouse
(firmly) no more murders#but you got to kill
(nervously) who could be calling at this hour ?#(terrified sounds then calm) y'ello ?
i know you are alone#(frightened sound) who is this ?
is this maude flanders ?#no it is homer
(scream)#dear god it is homer if you really love me you will save my life now
dear god it is homer if you really love me you will save my life now#(annoyed grunt)
(gasps)#okay marge you hide in the abandoned amusement park
okay marge you hide in the abandoned amusement park#lisa the pet cemetery
lisa the pet cemetery#bart spooky roller disco
bart spooky roller disco#and i will go skinny dipping in that lake where the sexy teens were killed a hundred years ago tonight
and i will go skinny dipping in that lake where the sexy teens were killed a hundred years ago tonight#now flanders i want you to
you can not kill the undead silly#he is undead all right
(painful shrieks)#(to tune of sugar crisp song) "guess i forgot to put the fog lights in"
(sheepish chuckle) yeah#(wiping shirt) hey foamy i want the news not the weather (laugh) marge did you hear me zing werewolf flanders ?
(low menacing growl with a "diddily" in the middle)#(frightened sound)
(voracious feasting sounds)#(frightened sounds) flanders stop that
("stuffed" sounds)#eyes bigger than your stomach eh wolfie ? (gloating chuckle)
(resumes savage feasting with renewed vigor)#(pained sounds)
(dramatically) i must only use this power to annoy#(happy eating sounds)
(calling after them) remember you are vulnerable to kryptonite#geez marge tell the neighborhood
hey homer weren't you the plant's y2k compliance officer ?#absolutely
it musta been hard debugging all those computers huh homer ?#doin' what now ?
(to homer) you did fix them right dad ? (ominous) because even a single faulty unit could corrupt every other computer in the world#that can not be true honey if it were i'd be terrified
(small) oh no it is happening#(staring at tv) uhoh
there goes the clothesline#well those ivory tower eggheads have screwed us again (chuckles) let's just have some milk and go to bed
well those ivory tower eggheads have screwed us again (chuckles) let's just have some milk and go to bed#hey this milk's broken
(examining carton) it is got a computer chip in it everything does#stop ow (pained sounds)
they are looting the mall hurry i got nine shoe buffers#(struggling sound) i am caught on something
i do not want you looting#but i was gonna loot you a present
(touched) oh all right#(happy sound)
well look at the wonders of the computer age now#(sagely) wonders lisa ? or blunders ?
i think that was implied by what i said#(more sagely) implied lisa ? or implode ?
(grabs card scans it) they are evacuating the earth (gasp) we are saved#(looks down at krusty sobbing) thank you sweet clown
(looks down at krusty sobbing) thank you sweet clown#in death you saved us all
i am not dead#i can still hear his voice on the wind
there it is#just like the dead clown promised
they must be starting a new civilization on mars with our best and brightest#that is us
name please#certainly (lying) i am the ah piano genius from the movie "shine"
(skeptical) uhhuh and your name is ?#(caught) uh shiny mcshine ?
(waves to bart and homer quickly) love ya lots#(sweetly) goodbye lisa remember me as i am (bitter) filled with murderous rage
ext spaceship  launch area  a few minutes later)#well son i guess this is the end but we have both had long full lives (off bart's pained face realizing) oh right
(spotting something) hey look another spaceship#and there is nobody guarding it let's go
int spaceship  a few miles above earth  moments later)#i can not believe i destroyed the earth
are you still talking about the earth ?#you are right i gotta let it go all that counts is we are alive and rubbing elbows with the greats
you are right i gotta let it go all that counts is we are alive and rubbing elbows with the greats#(gasp) ooh there is ross perot dr laura spike lee
wait a minute they are not so great#okay but there is dan quayle and courtney love (growing fear) tanya harding al sharpton ?
okay but there is dan quayle and courtney love (growing fear) tanya harding al sharpton ?#(scream) tom arnold ? what the hell's going on ?
yeah ain't that a kick in the teeth ? i mean my shows weren't great but i never tied people up and forced 'em to watch and i could've 'cause i am a big guy and i am good with knots#so we are all gonna die ?
'fraid so but hey the grub's pretty good huh ? (laughs)#the sun ? that is the hottest place on earth
hey turn those frowns around#oh no rosie o'donnell
oh no rosie o'donnell#(wrapped up in movie) ooo you do not want to get zorro mad
(reassuring) do not worry dad we will be dead in five minutes#not fast enough
do they really think cheapening the memory of our veterans will sell soda ?#(quickly) i have to go to ze lobby
(squeakyvoiced teen) i am sorry but we are not supposed to put butter on the milk duds#you are not supposed to go to the bathroom without washing your hands either
(looks at hands) touch#to the top please
to the top please#swim my pretties
your honor has been insulted this will not stand#(eyes glued to screen) shshshh
(cheers)#(impressed) woo you go zorro
(grunt)#why that little he insulted your honor
why that little he insulted your honor#(taps him on shoulder) sir i demand satisfaction
are you crazy dude ?#i challenge you to a duel
(nervous laugh to crowd) the dude is crazy#(spanish accent) will you duel or are you a coward ? (raises glove again)
(kisses homer on cheek) my hero#uh uh "h" is for homer
yeah thanks it is just past the end of the bar (points at homer) next to the heavyset guy#(insulted) heavyset ? what is that supposed to mean ?
all right take it easy take it easy i am just saying you ain't no uh tommy tune#no tommy tune eh ? oh that is it you insulted my honor
i your what now ?#i demand satisfaction (slaps moe with glove) i challenge you to a duel
i demand satisfaction (slaps moe with glove) i challenge you to a duel#(bob hope growl)
hey a duel ? i ah is not that a little extreme ? here here have a free beer (gives him one)#(surprised) really ? but you have never given anyone a free beer
yeah i ain't never been slapped with no duelin' glove before either#(to self in awe) wow a free beer and i owe it all to a little glove slap (singing to tune of "love shack") glove slap
(to self in awe) wow a free beer and i owe it all to a little glove slap (singing to tune of "love shack") glove slap#(singing) baby glove slap
int kwikemart  day)#(not looking by rote) coming through challenge duel hi lenny how dare you demand satisfaction
suh your challenge is accepted#huh ?
(to homer) you will need a will and headstone aisle six#(whiny) aisle six ? (disappointed moan)
int simpson house  living room  night)#duelling at dawn ? how did it ever come to this ?
yeah he is probably just a big blowhard like you#(draws back glove to bart) sir that is an insult i challenge you (off family's look) what ?
(draws back glove to bart) sir that is an insult i challenge you (off family's look) what ?#oh (panting screams)
oh (panting screams)#oh honey i had the worst nightmare this glove kept slapping people and i was getting blamed
(calling up to window) suh i say suh the time has come#(terrified sound)
oh no#he is out there is not he ?
(sexy stretching sounds)#hey i am not dead yet
hey i am not dead yet#(panicked sounds) save me marge i saved you
(pointed) why do not you have the colonel's wife save you ?#oh marge that is in the past just let it go
(drawing gun) well at least let me shoot it into smaller pieces for you madam#(from inside tree) (frightened whimpers)
looks like you were saved by a christmas tree#and somebody wanted to get rid of it in april
ext gas station  later)#flanders you gotta help me is there a southern couple parked in front of my house ?
(into phone cheerfully) oooh yes indeedy homer looks like they are settling in for a long stay#i was afraid of that (wistful) well goodbye my gentle neighbor you know i have always wanted to tell you how mu
to continue talking please deposit ten cents#ah screw it
where are we gonna live ?#(excitedly) ooh how 'bout that house ?
that has people living in it you can see them through the windows#lousy showoffs
(calling to homer) yeah git yer own habitat#(to carter) come on carter build us a house you lazy bum
come back here why you yellow belly#(laying on horn) come on move it
where are we going dad ?#how should i know ?
then why are you driving so fast ?#'cause i am trying to think (to self) what would zorro do ?
'cause i am trying to think (to self) what would zorro do ?#(anguished) zorrooo
(anguished) zorrooo#(reading sign) "rural route 9 ?" (gasp) that is it we can hide out at the farm where i grew up
you mean grampa's old farm ?#yeah it will be fun fresh country air apples for the pickin' singalong hayrides
(over shot of house) what a dump#race ya to the swimmin' hole
race ya to the swimmin' hole#(calling) com'on maw bring the young 'uns there is no leeches (three quick pain sounds then) lots of snakes though
holy moly we can not stay here it is full of raccoons#(consoling) just think of 'em as cats with rabies
(consoling) just think of 'em as cats with rabies#hello kitty
hello kitty#(pained sound then covering chuckle) you little scamp
are we really gonna live here and grow crops ?#absolutely this is our big chance the simpsons will be reborn as a bunch of gaptoothed bumpkins
(good sport) i will repress the rage i am feeling#that is my girl let the agriculture begin
ext behind farmhouse  day)#all right let's see what the old girl can do
it does not sound very tractory#hang on
hang on#and there
and there#(yelling over rough engine) now we are talkin'
(yelling over rough engine) now we are talkin'#(pained yell)
dad#(pained) go get lassie
well well look at the city slicker pullin' up in his fancy german car#(defensive) this car was made in guatemala
well pardon us mr gucci loafers#i bought these shoes from a hobo
well ladeeda mr parkavenue manicure#(admiring nails) i am sorry i believe in good grooming
(derisive sound) you are not gonna grow nothin' on the old simpson place that is why your daddy abandoned it#(defensive) aw what do you know ?
well i know your soil ph is up around 96 and you need it seven to eight max#oh that is just superstition
oh that is just superstition#you watch me i will grow something out there
not if you are plantin' gummi bears#(annoyed grunt)
wow dad this is the juiciest watermelon i ever tasted#yeah i hope i can grow some like that
what are you planting ?#oh a little bit of everything
oh a little bit of everything#something will thrive in this harsh merciless soil
something will thrive in this harsh merciless soil#and for those who face nature unafraid it is they who reap the ah (quickly) i am down
paw#(pained) move the handbrake
(straining sounds)#(grateful) ohhh that is heaven
ext farm  weeks later)#(frustrated) oh it is been a month why will not anything grow ?
maybe it needs more fertilizer#i am only one man marge
(happy chewing sounds)#oh who am i kidding ? i am no farmer
homer's crop) you could not grow stink on a monkey#leave me alone you big bully
oh i am just razzin' ya it is my way here have an ear on me#(pained grunt)
dad if we leave for town right now we can catch the dinner special at krustyburger#(firmly) sorry boy going back to springfield would be a coward's way out
wasn't skipping town in the first place a coward's way out ?#(breaking down) oh you are right (sobbing) i am a coward i have made such a mess of things (sobs then looking out window) if only there was some magic potion that would make those crops grow
(breaking down) oh you are right (sobbing) i am a coward i have made such a mess of things (sobs then looking out window) if only there was some magic potion that would make those crops grow#(getting idea) wait a minute
int barn  workbench  continuous)#(as he unscrews cap) easy careful steady
(as he unscrews cap) easy careful steady#(as he pours) time to give mother nature a little goose
ext field  night)#(awed) well marge have you ever seen a field glow like that ?
it is eerily beautiful but are you sure this is safe ?#of course not but you know something ? sometimes you have to break the rules to free your heart
you got that from a movie poster#well when there is nothing left to believe in believe in hope
where'd you get that ?#from the producers of "waiting to exhale"
is that plutonium on your gums ?#(romantic) shut up and kiss me
ext farmhouse  sunrise  establishing)#it is time to harvest our radioactive supercrop
(skeptical murmur) but it is only been one night#that is all it takes if we learned one thing from "the amazing colossal man" and "grasshopperus" it is that radiation makes stuff grow real big real fast
yeah but did not grasshopperus kill chad everett ?#only 'cause he tried to reason with him
oh#brace yourselves everybody you are about to see the hugest juiciest possibly superintelligent vegetables man has ever known you might want to crane your necks upward now to save time
brace yourselves everybody you are about to see the hugest juiciest possibly superintelligent vegetables man has ever known you might want to crane your necks upward now to save time#tada
ext field  continuous)#all right now do not panic it is possible the giant vegetables are invisible
all right now do not panic it is possible the giant vegetables are invisible#(groping sounds) ahha (does not find anything)
(groping sounds) ahha (does not find anything)#(more groping sounds) oh where are you ?
(more groping sounds) oh where are you ?#(then disappointed sound)
oh honey give it up#(distraught) oh you are right this farm's hopeless why did not i listen to those inbred hicks ? i guess i will just go hang myself in the barn
(spotting something) wait dad you do not have to kill yourself#this better be good
something's growing#(surprised gasp) a sprout
(surprised gasp) a sprout#and there is some more
what is it ? carrots ? peas ? (gasp hopeful) maybe it is okra#who cares what it is ? it is growing i have saved the farm
who cares what it is ? it is growing i have saved the farm#look at my babies (re first tomato) this tomato will be heinz ketchup (re second tomato) and this tomahto will be hunt's catsup
second tomato) and this tomahto will be hunt's catsup#(to tomatoes) bup no fighting boys
maybe the tomato seeds crossbred with the tobacco seeds#oh great i got a field full of mutants
it does but it is smooth and mild and refreshingly addictive (takes another bite)#(getting idea) addictive eh ?
"tomacco ?" that is pretty clever dad i mean for a product that is evil and deadly#(sweetly) aw thanks honey
excuse me mr farmer man i promised my son he could tip over his first cow and i (spots sign) "tomacco ?"#yes it is the latest craze (offering) try some will not you ?
i was here first / c'mon c'mon people#do not push there is plenty of tomacco for everyone
(calling to exiting customers) do not forget your mincemeat pie#(counting money) you are scaring the customers honey
hello folks would you and your family like to take a ride with us ?#okay
homer we are in a bit of a pickle kids are crazy about tobacco but the politicians will not let us sell it to them#(bitter) those dirty rotten
(bitter) those dirty rotten#i wish i could make a difference lisa but i am just one man
tell me about it but there is no law against selling kids tomacco that little "m" is worth a lot of money to us and to you#how much ?
well let's say a hundred#(gasp)
 and fifty#(bigger gasp grabs marge's hand)
 million dollars#one hundred and (trying to suppress ecstasy sounds then) may i speak to my family for a moment ?
int lavatory  continuous)#(confidentially) did you see the way emile's lookin' at mindy ? hoohoo i think something's going on there
should not we be talking about the hundred and fifty million dollar offer ?#oh yeah let's take it
int van  conference room  a moment later)#we all agree that a hundred and fifty million is an insult the least we can accept is a hundred and fifty billion
ext road in front of simpson farm  a minute later)#they will be back we control the world's supply of tomacco and no one can take that away from (scream)
they will be back we control the world's supply of tomacco and no one can take that away from (scream)#stop eating our future
stop eating our future#get the get outta bad animals go home
get the get outta bad animals go home#thank god there is one left
thank god there is one left#(struggling sounds)
(angry cowlike growl)#(to cow pointing) look a flying saucer
(intrigued sound)#(triumphant chuckle)
int farmhouse  a few minutes later)#(sweetly) there there we had quite a scare today but you are gonna make us millions (tousles leaves) yes you are
you are about to launch a terrible evil on the world you have gotta destroy this plant#i know honey but what can i do as an individual ? i would not know where to begin
just burn that plant right now and end this madness#i agree but how ?
(pointing at window) (scream)#they are after the tomacco
(to homer) now you can not tell me nicotine's not addictive#lisa there is absolutely no evidence this is
give them the plant homer#no i'd rather die
no i'd rather die#(terrified yelp) take it
(archly) well what a lovely gift gotta run#(calling after her) so mindy ? how did you want to pay me the hundred and fifty million ?
(calling after her) so mindy ? how did you want to pay me the hundred and fifty million ?#cash'll be okay or stock ? does your company have stock ?
cash'll be okay or stock ? does your company have stock ?#(calling over helicopter noise) mindy ?
(calling over helicopter noise) mindy ?#mindy and i are just hammering out a payment plan (to distant helicopter making phone gesture with thumb and pinkie) we will talk monday
i have never been so glad to be home#i do not know why we ever left in the first place
i do not know why we ever left in the first place#(annoyed grunt)
i do not mind if i do (lowers gun)#hey are we duellin' or what ?
oh where are my manners ?#(pained yells)
you okay dad ?#i think so the bone stopped the bullet
dad this might be one of those things you should go to the hospital for#after pie
int simpson house  homer's bedroom  monday morning)#(groggy) snooze need more snooze (falling asleep sound)
num num maggie num num#did somebody say num num ? (grabs a muffin and eats it)
(weary murmur) i can not get maggie to eat maybe if you try#oh i am twentysix hours late for work no time for maggie
oh i am twentysix hours late for work no time for maggie#oooh where is waldo ?
oooh where is waldo ?#nope nope this would be a lot easier without all these people nope nope (hopeful gasp then) it is there uh nope
homer#waldo where are you ?
(to moleman) hey how'd you like a "details" magazine up the wazoo ?#(exasperated noise)
(exasperated noise)#oh sure single me out
all right smart guy where is the fire ?#(points) over there
ext nuclear power plant  day  establishing)#heh heh i'd hate to see the look on ol' burnsie's face if he knew i was just gettin' in hee hee
(throatclearing noise)#(exploring sounds) mmm who is that ? big ugly nose bald liver spot liver spot mmmm
turn around simpson#(shrieks drops dentures) no i can not get in trouble if i can not see you
i am afraid he is got us sir#(scream then panicked sounds)
(scream then panicked sounds)#(relieved sigh) safe in the core and now
ah yes#(pained yells)
i knew i had those installed for a reason#(more pained noises)
(more pained noises)#(moans) this is the worst day ever
hey homer what gives ?#(moans) mr burns is making me eat all these drums of toxic waste
(beat) hey you wanna come bowling with us tonight ?#okay
int simpson living room  continuous)#oh marge i am sorry i can not make it
int barney's bowlarama  continuous)#the cooling tank just blew and they are taking lenny to the hospital
oh no not lenny not lenny#yeah so i am going to have to work late instead of seeing you and the kids which is what i really want
poo uh homer what wacky name do you want ?#are poo and ass taken ?
yeah#damn could my life get any worse ?
simpson (disgusted sound) even for a bowler you are fat#hey guys is it normal to see burns' face on a bowling ball ?
uhh actually i'd say you are having a severe psychotic episode#(frustrated sound) what a rotten day
hey homer that is four strikes in a row you got a perfect game going#really ?
(holding up banana split) ah this split you sold me is making me choke#(quiet anger) lenny
ow#practice ball practice ball
practice ball practice ball#real real real real real
real real real real real#(pumps fist) woo hoo
homer homer homer#ow
ow#woo hoo i am ten pins away from perfection
(to kids) now listen your father really needs to concentrate so we will just stay here and not disturb him#why will not they come over ? i am so lonely
int bowling alley  continuous  slow motion)#get down get down get down
int alley  continuous)#woo hoo this is the greatest day of my life
you did it homie#in your face todo list
homer homer#(quieting them) thank you thank you but there was someone else with me on that alley (points heavenward) i am talkin' about the big man (points to side) carl
mr simpson bowled a perfect game without the aid of steroids crack angel dust or the other narcotics that are synonymous with pro bowling#thank you bart's teacher you know kids my teachers said i would never amount to anything and until last week they were dead right but now i have achieved perfection
thank you bart's teacher you know kids my teachers said i would never amount to anything and until last week they were dead right but now i have achieved perfection#(to class) any questions ?
(to class) any questions ?#yes bart's weird friend
will you be my dad ?#(chuckles) you have got a father he is just a dud
(chuckles) you have got a father he is just a dud#next question
next question#(pointing) yes the girl bart has a crush on
do you think i could grow up to be a doctor ?#um how 'bout one not touching your ass ?
um how 'bout one not touching your ass ?#(confused) hey this was supposed to be about me now any other questions ? (pointing at different kids) pumpkin face ? headgear ? chicken pox ? smelly ? lazy eye ? (pointing at bart) spikey head ? (seeing no questions) okay class dismissed rock on
(stagy) uhhh homer#(coyly) yes kent ?
according to redbook magazine what is the speed of light ?#(holding two sheets of paper) well that would uh wait uh do i read from the sheet labeled "jokes" or "answers ?"
make me center square kent i am ready i can handle it#dream on drunky
(shaking head) ohh we have got to stop putting these flavors of the month on#(hurt) flavor of the month ? me ?
(suddenly friendly) yeah homer you can not just ride one accomplishment forever why do you think i stopped acting and became a director ?#i 'unno (guessing) because you weren't cute anymore ?
circle gets the square goodnight everyone#(choking noises)
ext springfield civic center  night  establishing)#(sitcommy) eww thanks for sharing
now to save my partner's life i will need complete#hello everybody
hello everybody#did somebody say a perfect game ?
you idiot you will ruin everything#(loud whisper) i am doing a walkon it is a show business thing (turns to crowd) so how y'all doin' ? let's see what is in the news today ?
would you shut up ?#(turning to teller) hey i thought you never talked
he will do it i am not the first teller#(quickly) remember springfield keep on swinging (swings bowling arm)
that is right you are (giggles)#hey everybody i am gonna be on tv again
hey everybody i am gonna be on tv again#(to maggie) that is right you have got a special daddy
(sincere) burt reynolds class act well now for our segment "yesterday's news" featuring homer simpson are you as bored as i am with the antics of this warmedover fred flintstone ? i say it is time to put this onetrick pony out to stud#woo hoo first stop maude flanders
homer#but she said i
(gently) dad what she is saying is you have had your moment in the sun and now it is time for you to gracefully step aside#lisa i know what is going on here they did it to jesus and now they are doing it to me
(sharply) are you comparing yourself to our lord ?#well in bowling ability
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#(to balloon) sweet bowling alley balloon you are my only friend
(to balloon) sweet bowling alley balloon you are my only friend#(to balloon) what was that about ?
(to balloon) what was that about ?#(sighs) marge has my life peaked ?
ohhh homey is that what is bothering you ?#mmhmmm
(settling in) well the one sure cure for the blues is to talk it over with your life partner (pats his hand)#you are right
int moe's bar  day)#i can not believe it moe the greatest feat of my life is already forgotten
geez homer i never seen you so depressed as your life partner i am very worried#save your tears moe save 'em in a shot glass for someone who still has a shred of hope
ext springfield streets  afternoon)#(sings sadly) this is the end / my only friend the end / weird scenes inside the gold mine
int springfield state building  observation deck  a little later)#well world this is it you know i always thought you would die before me but now as i prepare my soul for an eternity of fire and poking
yeah less chat more splat pal#(screams)
hey mr s i did not know you bungeed#i wanna live
no no you are too heavy#(doppler) it is a glandular problemmmm
int underground chamber  continuous)#(describing fascinated) oooh morlocks chuds mole people
well except that#(looking heavenward) oh lord you saved me i guess you had some higher purpose in mind
oh dumbass trying to get yourself killed ?#not anymore ron now i am looking for something to dedicate my life to something noble but easy
look i'd love to help you out homer but i am taking my kids to the zoo#that is great even big stars take their kids to the zoo
daddy we are missing the fantastipotamus she only sings twice a day#that is it kids are the answer i will dedicate my life to my children
(pitying) really ? you have children ? oh well look here's some money#no i do not want your pity or your money
usually when you say that you give the money back#i do what now ?
int bart's room  a little later)#listen boy i was wondering if you could use a little more fatherly attention
if you tie a string around your finger real tight you can make it turn purple#(sadly) i can see i am not needed here
int lisa's room  a little later)#lisa honey do you need any help with your homework ?
int simpson house  maggie's room  day)#i have been so blind i will lavish my attention on maggie the forgotten simpson
i have been so blind i will lavish my attention on maggie the forgotten simpson#(sweetly) maggie it is me daddy
(sweetly) maggie it is me daddy#daddy's gonna spend a lot more time with you yes he is yes he is
(frightening babytalk noises)#where is maggie ? where is maggie ? (uncovering eyes) hey where is she ?
where is maggie ? where is maggie ? (uncovering eyes) hey where is she ?#there you are
there you are#hi maggie i am homiewomie the teletubby (defensive) and i am all man in case you have heard otherwise let's see what is on tummyvision
hi maggie i am homiewomie the teletubby (defensive) and i am all man in case you have heard otherwise let's see what is on tummyvision#ow ow that hurts owww ohhh
ext back yard  day)#whee whee do not be scared maggie daddy will not drop you whee
whee whee do not be scared maggie daddy will not drop you whee#you are a tough cookie maggie but i am gonna win you over just like i did with lisa
you are a tough cookie maggie but i am gonna win you over just like i did with lisa#(calling) hi honey
okay dads this is where your child's trust in you really pays off#(charles nelson reilly worried sound)
(urge children on)#c'mon maggie you can trust me
c'mon maggie you can trust me#(under diving mask) come to daddy come to daddy
(under diving mask) come to daddy come to daddy#(incomprehensible monster noises)
int homer's car  day)#i am sorry maggie i never realized things between us had gotten this bad
i am sorry maggie i never realized things between us had gotten this bad#what are you pointing at ? the ocean ?
what are you pointing at ? the ocean ?#(oblivious) that is a great idea we will swim in the ocean
ext beach  a little later)#see maggie the ocean is just like a bathtub except instead of rubber ducks it has barracudas and moray eels
see maggie the ocean is just like a bathtub except instead of rubber ducks it has barracudas and moray eels#(calmly) nothing to worry about just a little wave
(calmly) nothing to worry about just a little wave#(calmly) and this riptide is certainly nothing daddy can not struggle against (struggling flailing) help help somebody help
(calmly) and this riptide is certainly nothing daddy can not struggle against (struggling flailing) help help somebody help#oh current too strong (then) i know if i sink to the bottom i can run to the shore
oh current too strong (then) i know if i sink to the bottom i can run to the shore#(far away) maggie call aquaman
ext ocean  a little later)#(coughs out water then) maggie you are swimming you swam out to save me
(coughs out water then) maggie you are swimming you swam out to save me#(happily) oh you do love me
mr simpson you are going to be fine although you do seem to have swallowed a number of shark eggs#actually that was before i went in the ocean
well i do not want to pry into your personal life#then do not
(chuckles) it is quite simple  when a parent's life is in danger a child can summon superhuman strength#well all i care about is that my little girl loves me (hugs maggie) and we are gonna spend a lot more time together from now on
int bowling alley  day)#good girl maggie you knocked down all the pins but you stepped over the line just a little bit so i will have to give you a five
good girl maggie you knocked down all the pins but you stepped over the line just a little bit so i will have to give you a five#and that gives you a final score of two ninetyfive
and that gives you a final score of two ninetyfive#looks like daddy won but two ninetyfive is awfully good for a baby
(pouty suck)#yes it is it is very good and you are a good little baby (tickles her) yes you are
these swedish furniture designers sure have some farout ideas i mean a green table i would not have thought of that in my wildest dreams#and these bean bag chairs look so comfortable (relaxed sigh turning to suprised sound)
and these bean bag chairs look so comfortable (relaxed sigh turning to suprised sound)#hey there is someone else in here
you put it together yourself all you need is me allen wrench#(chuckles) he is named after what he is
oh manjula has begun to ovulate#(to server) yes i will have the pl_penlgen and do not skimp on the d__dlemnch
how ingenious the forks are made out of lego#(four quick eating sounds)
hello simpsons#hey apu manjula you guys are still married ?
oh yes sir quite happily#pay up marge
(shrugs) mm on the other hand monkey see monkey do#(chuckle) kids are the best apu you can teach them to hate the things you hate and they practically raise themselves what with the internet and all
int kwikemart  day)#hey apu sittin' in the ice cream cooler eh ?
by chilling my loins i increase the chances of impregnating my wife#(sitcommy) whoa too much information thanks for the mental picture why do not you tell us what you really think ?
just stop spouting those hackneyed quips#could you be any more ? hello (laugh that peters out) look just give me some ice cream
could you be any more ? hello (laugh that peters out) look just give me some ice cream#(calling) more than i wanted to knoooow
you know homer you might want to open those cans before they explode#but the cans seal in the flavor
(nervous) okay#so how is the tribe comin' along ? any papooses ?
no still no luck tell me homer did you have to take any special steps when you decided to have children ?#decided ? (laughs) that is classic decided babies just happen
well not to us they do not (frustrated) oh homer we have tried everything oysters gravity boots sanjay's bed every possible position#(amazed) really ? on top and underneath ?
(puzzled) eh yes#well do not worry i can help ya i am all about ideas
well do not worry i can help ya i am all about ideas#(calling) kids come and get it
ext lookout point  night)#now this situation is guaranteed to end in pregnancy
(frustrated sound) i am willing to play the high school jock but did you have to cut the roof off my car ?#upbupbupbup that is an apu question you are "greg"
"loosen up baby tomorrow i am shipping off to vietnam" (breaking character to homer) i i thought i was going to ivy league state#my mistake stay in the moment
"just promise not to forget me on your dinosaurbonediggingup trip"#(gallant) and that is my cue to exit
(upset sound then sharply) homer#(quickly) i just wanted to invite you to the wrap party (gallant) and that is my cue to exit
ext springfield streets  nine months later)#man the last nine months sure were crazy
octuplets#(chuckling) apu you shoulda seen your face when they showed you those babies
(chuckling) apu you shoulda seen your face when they showed you those babies#(still chuckling) yeah it looked just like that
mmhmm well that would only account for quintuplets (sternly) did anyone else slip this woman fertility drugs ?#mine tasted like strawberry
mine tasted like strawberry#mmm ovulicious
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#(envious) free baby cola ? apu hits the jackpot and i am stuck with these useless onetuplets
gee sorry for being born#(touched) i have been waiting so long to hear that
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#ooh look at that ooh gingerbread house hansel and gretel are set for life
you know i saw apu today he is really frazzled#(clicks viewmaster) boy that hansel sure can eat
(clicks viewmaster) boy that hansel sure can eat#(shrieks) my corneas (sets down viewmaster) you were saying ?
apu told me all eight babies have colic although he thinks one or two might just be going along with the crowd#(ruminating) eight kids hm i am sterile right baby doll ?
yes dear from the nuclear plant#beautiful
(calling) knock knock#(uneasy) apu ? manjula ? marge i have got a bad feeling about this
oh look who is here the family with one baby how do you manage ?#(loud whisper) marge they have turned into jerks
(intrigued sound)#no marge no
let's hear it for dazzle#she is no liza but it works
(adorable chuckle)#(grunts)
(small gasp) she is waking up#do not worry i brought some chloroform
do not worry i brought some chloroform#there and there
(plaintive gorilla noises)#okay this is gettin' weird
(startled noise)#(imploring) please mr kidkill look into your heart i know these babies have a lifetime contract but what if i put together an even better act for you ? something sensational
it is not just you prancin' around in a monkey suit is it ?#(confident) not any more
int zoo  stage area  next day)#(suppressed cries of pain)
we will do our best chutneybutt#okay okay do not panic (commanding) release the mongoose
okay okay do not panic (commanding) release the mongoose#(screams)
(screams)#(screams) stupid mongoose get the snake the snake do i look like a snake ? (scream) ow ow he bit me (more screams) show is over show is over next show is eight o'clock and ten
when we come back we will show you the contents of a supermodel's stomach#(awed) what an age we live in
hey remember the fifties ? remember television cocacola and dick clark ?#(gasp) i remember television
why do not we eat there tonight ?#nah we will go next month
it is clever how the names remind you of the fifties and at the same time tell you what there is to eat#(gasp) wow look at this oldtimey gizmo (amazed sounds pulling out napkins) i feel like i have gone back in a time machine
dad they have those everywhere#(awed) what an age we live in
(awed) what an age we live in#(giggles)
dancing#(groan) oh no you are not gettin' me on that dance floor do not try and make me (shaking fist in her face) if i have to get a divorce i will
our grand prize tonight is a vintage 1955 harleydavidson motorcycle#that is right never
that is right never#(awestruck gasp awestruck noise then urgent) oh i need a dance partner (quickly scans room panicked sounds then looks at marge) what about you ?
(yell)#(yell)
well well well i have never seen such reckless disregard for a wife's wellbeing in my life you have just won yourselves a motorcycle#woohoo
woohoo#(emotional) it is mine finally i have won the respect of my fellow (snarling at patrons) get away from it
ext simpson house  front yard  day)#(motorcycle sounds and tire screeches)
man you are bending the hell out of that kickstand dad why do not you just take it for a ride ?#promise you will not laugh ?
(sincere) yeah i promise#(breaking down) i do not know how
(still laughing)#will you teach me ?
yeah you can arrest me but you will never defeat the cobras nothing can defeat a motorcycle gang#a gang that is the answer
sweet hog mr simpson#remember to rebel against authority kids
(annoyed) will you turn that engine off ?#quiet marge the motorcycle and i are trying to sleep
quiet marge the motorcycle and i are trying to sleep#(to motorcycle) i know i know just tune her out
(amid yelling) look what you have done you have ruined the display#yeah that is the life for me marge cruisin' and hasslin' shopkeepers
never pops#hey do not make me hassle you lisa
hey do not make me hassle you lisa#you know if you want to be in the gang eventually you are gonna have to get motorcycles
(calling) hey homer can i join ?#this gang's for rebels flanders not conformos
int flanders' house  rumpus room  day)#the first meeting of "hell's satans" is called to order
the chri iii do not think you understand my objection#(firmly) i am the president and the decision is mine we are hell's satans besides i have already made our club jackets
hell's satans huh ? i am watchin' you punks#(sneering) can not hassle us pig we are goin' the speed limit oink oink oink
you will make a mistake some day and then you are going straight to juvie#you can lock us away but you will never defeat the cobras
cobras ? i thought you were the hell's satans#(confused beat then rapidly) oink oink oink
(confused beat then rapidly) oink oink oink#(checks wallet moans) how could i be down a thousand bucks ?
get away from my store you young hoodlums#and what if we do not pops ?
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#they printed my photo of our gang
they printed my photo of our gang#carl looks great can not take a bad picture of that guy
you took a picture of me when i was asleep ?#if you would've been awake you would have said no you can see the bind i was in
we are the hell's satans out of bakersfield#(excited) you are the hell's satans ? what a fun coincidence my gang's name is also the
take off that jacket man#okay
now eat it#all right
hey hey chew with your mouth closed please#(mouth full) sorry
(mouth full) sorry#(relieved sigh) done
oh man (disgusted sound) now you gotta eat that too#(moan)
you got anything else with our logo on it ?#(sheepish) caps and frisbees sir
you gotta eat them too#and some pogs
yeah it is part of being a lowlife#(hoarse whisper) hello police ? can you send a swat team to 742 evergreen ter
(into phone) forget it simpson those pig noises you made really hurt my feelings  looking like a pig as i do#but you have so much inner beauty
(hums then) hey hey that is a leavein conditioner#you are done next
no we are not#okay bikers that is it benjamin franklin once said that house guests are like fish at huh ? they are gone woo hoo
okay bikers that is it benjamin franklin once said that house guests are like fish at huh ? they are gone woo hoo# and those bikers saw that hard look in my eye  you know that hard look i get sometimes ?  and they ran away like schoolgirls with their tails between their legs
(looking at clock with growing alarm) and why are not i at school ?#yeah someone really dropped the ball here marge ? (worried) marge ?
dad there is a note on the back of your head#really ? read it
hm "thanks for letting us crash in your pad we had a very nice time"#oh that is sweet
(continues reading) "ps we have taken your old lady"#(annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#now do not worry i am gonna search high and low for your mother but just in case i do not find her i want you to contact this agency
(reading flier) "korean love brides" ?#(desperate) i just do not want to be alone
int poppa wheelie's  continuous)#excuse me has anyone seen a woman wearing
excuse me has anyone seen a woman wearing#that is more like it i am looking for
that is more like it i am looking for#(pained noise)
ext bar  later)#(determined noise) i will show you
(determined noise) i will show you#okay we kinda got off on the wrong foot there long story short my (air quotes) "old lady" was
okay we kinda got off on the wrong foot there long story short my (air quotes) "old lady" was#(dazed sounds then determined) oh goodness mmm some people never learn
(dazed sounds then determined) oh goodness mmm some people never learn#(pained noise)
yeah i did see some bikers ride by here with a bluehaired woman 'bout ten minutes ago said they were gonna spend the night at crystal lake campground section k space 217 (shrugs) i am sorry i can not be of more help#(resigned) i guess i will never find her
excellent ramrod civilized people solve their disputes with words#(wild attack yell)
homer homer stop it we have given up our violent ways we just want to live peacefully with your wife#no my wife is not a doobie to be passed around (puts his arm around her) i took a sacred vow on my wedding day to bogart her forever
(chanting) fight fight fight fight#uhoh
we both knew it would come to this#you and me chopper to chopper
(sneering through clenched teeth) you know what i am gonna do after i kill you ?#(question grunt)
take your wallet#(clenched teeth) never it was a gift from newsweek
homer#give me back my wife
hey can we at least keep her till the orgy in san berdoo ?#(to marge) whaddaya say honey ?
(to homer) no#(to biker dramatically) no dice
why are we stopping here ?#(ominous) taking care of some unfinished business
hey#(short frightened shriek)
(short frightened shriek)#(quickly) go go go
(singing) sisters are doin' it for themselves#hey why is this door locked ?
(noise of severe pain)#what is going on ? (shaking fist) and i want the nongay explanation
(covering) uh we are drunk really drunk#(relieved) oh thank god
what will become of our kids ?#where are the refreshments ?
(standing up) i have got a motorhome i never use maybe we should raffle it off#(mouth half full) maybe you should shut up
what about mr burns ? maybe he will help us out#forget it he releases the hounds on every charity that comes to his door feed the children save the whales even release the hounds
check it out i am breaking books at a sixthgrade level#get 'em boy hit those smartass books
this broom closet is not what it seems it is a secret surveillance room guarded by a tiny evil robot#(dubious) uhh is this gonna be like one of those horror movies where we open the door and everything's normal and we think you are crazy but then there really is a killer robot and the next morning you find me impaled on a weather vane ? is that what this is lisa ?
int simpson car  continuous)#so who am i beating up ?
thus saving christmas#now let's see this will make three christmases i saved versus eight i ruined two were kind of a draw
(short alarmed yell)#sorry
ext springfield tire fire  later)#(singing to "tiny bubbles") "writhing funzos / in my sack / makes me happy / makes me hurt my back"
(gravely) yes the madness ends here#hah if i had a nickel for every time i have heard that
well what do we have here ? looks like the biggest ripoff since "webster"#(frightened sound) please mr coleman we can explain
no bart he is right i did oversimplify#perhaps but let's not get bogged down in semantics
perhaps but let's not get bogged down in semantics#i think what lisa meant to say is
well there is something you do not see every christmas#hey it is christmas we'd better get home
(getting idea) hey dad what if we (whispers in homer's ear)#(sincere) um uh mr coleman i have been thinking (scratches head) my wife always makes too much stuffing and sweet p'taters and all and aw heck would you like to spend christmas with us ?
cloning is a troubling issue#i like the ones where the mouse kills the cat
well anyone would be nervous with all the economic turmoil you read about in the#get her she is doing something
get her she is doing something#(panicked sounds)
(panicked gasp) she cleaned out the attic#our junk
our junk#and the exits are sealed go to plan b
(grunts of effort) / (homer) push / (more grunts)#come on
ext street  a moment later)#oh no you do not
oh no you do not#oh precious heirlooms daddy would never let them take you
oh precious heirlooms daddy would never let them take you#(pained sounds as he tumbles)
int simpson house  living room  later)#oh that was scary we came this close to losing our spare christmas tree stand (turns to marge) you monster
(sighs) i will never get rid of this useless junk#useless ? this flash cube has two flashes left
look at these you bought them after the nagano olympics and never skied once if you would just stop being so impulsive maybe#(impulsively) hey let's go skiing right now
yeah let's go skiing / yeah dad let's go#woo hoo
(calling) look dad it is the drummer from bread#(excited gasp turning) where ?
(excited gasp turning) where ?#(pained yell)
(pained yell)#(frightened sounds)
(frightened sounds)#(pained cold sound)
(pained cold sound)#(relieved sigh)
(calling) i am sorry#hmmm (reading) "the widowmaker" (dismissive) oh that one's for the ladies "spinebuster" boring (intrigued) ooh "colostomizer"
hmmm (reading) "the widowmaker" (dismissive) oh that one's for the ladies "spinebuster" boring (intrigued) ooh "colostomizer"#(intimidated sound) do not hurt me here's my wallet
(chuckles) hididlyho schuss in boots#(gasp) flanders
(gasp) flanders#that suit is a little revealing is not it ?
feels like i am wearing nothin' at all#(horrified noise) quit it (covering face) must wash eyes j
(horrified noise) quit it (covering face) must wash eyes j#uhoh
uhoh#okay do not panic remember what the instructor said
feels like i am wearin' nothin' at all (echoey as camera pushes in) nothin' at all nothin' at all#(panicky sound) stupid sexy flanders
(panicky sound) stupid sexy flanders#ow my legs this is the worst pain ever
ow my legs this is the worst pain ever#(pained yells)
(pained yells)#(casually) single
have you been in here all day ?#you missed all the fun
that oughta hold it#i want my wife to get the best treatment money can buy
i want my wife to get the best treatment money can buy#whoawhoawhoa do not go nuts
whoawhoawhoa do not go nuts#uh better than that
uh better than that#perfect
i can not be in the hospital tomorrow is laundry day and i have gotta demeat lisa's baloney#we will be fine honey the main thing is for you to get better
no they will not we will all pitch in on the housework right guys ? (looking around) guys ?#(laughs) take that woo woo hhey hey
(a little annoyed) oh really ? well knock yourself out just do not expect any miracles from those two#gotcha gotcha (giggles) / i will show you (giggles)
good lord you are wasting thousands of dollars worth of interferon#and you are "interferon" with our good time
and you are "interferon" with our good time#(giggles)
int simpson house  kitchen  the next morning)#(yawning and scratching) 'mornin'
dad where are your clothes ?#(baffled looking down) i do not know
do not tell me mom dresses you#(shrugs) i guess or one of her friends (starts eating)
okay now we are gonna draw jobs from the chore hat#(hopefully) come on "bikini inspector" (reads slip disappointed) "scrub toilet ?" (quickly) okay that was a practice (checks another slip) practice (another slip) practice (another slip) okay here we go "feed fish"
you know the reason for the hat#oh it is a great hat no one's questioning the hat
will you at least do the dishes ?#lisa i will do the dishes when i pick it out of the chore hat and it is not a practice (picks out slip) see there it is but that was a practice the system works
lisa i will do the dishes when i pick it out of the chore hat and it is not a practice (picks out slip) see there it is but that was a practice the system works#(tapping on tank) c'mon eat you lazy fish
here are your lunches and no trading your fruit for firecrackers#oh but lenny just got some bottle rockets
(margelike annoyed murmur)#(quickly) that is not true he left it on the bus
you are dead squealer#(scream) lisa help
oop the cheese is not quite melted (reaching for plate) let me just pop it back in the#(angry dog growl)
no it is not#i got the groceries
good maple soda ? a cell phone full of candy ? (puzzled) astronaut bread ?#it is the bread of astronauts
dad i gave you a list#oh yeah (pulls it out of his pocket reads then chuckles) you were way off
oh yeah (pulls it out of his pocket reads then chuckles) you were way off#(into phone) hello lollipop island ? there is a little girl here who had too many sourballs
(angry sound)#(into phone) anyway where were we ? hello ? hello ? (to bart) they hung up
(bravely) oh could not be better#marco
polo#marco
polo#marc
you hit her pretty hard there rick#(laughter)
will you guys turn that thing down ?#(calling) sweetie if we did not turn it down for the cops what chance do you have ? (laughs) he hit her again
will this do ?#jesus ?
wait until they fall asleep then you sneak into their rooms and make sure they are fast asleep because of#(horrified cry)
(satisfied chuckle)#lisa help
lisa help#(panicky sounds) what is wrong with us ?
(arch) ohh i do not like the looks of this#you do not ? 'cause that is what i said tell her bart
let's see (typing) crusty sores#(worried) yes
 horrible wailing#(wailing) yes yesssss
aahhh (pointing at each other) unclean unclean#help us virtual doc look at me i am on my knees
(a la mr burns) excellent#leprosy ? i can not believe it that fortune cookie was right
now guys leprosy thrives in filthy conditions so your only chance is to clean up the house i will get you a couple of mops#mops ? the cure sounds worse than the disease
yeah that sounds right#well i think we are on the outs with him but i know someone who is even holier than jesus
hididlyho i (startled cry)#(plaintive moans)
(zombielike) brains brains#use your brains to help us your delicious brains
oh those poor souls (torn) what is the christian thing to do ?#oh thank you thank you thank you you wonderful man
all right food#bart leave some for rod and todd
bart leave some for rod and todd#here you go lad
uh listen homer we'd love to help you but we are not really set up for lepers#so you are shunning us
no no no no no no no i am just thinking we could send you to a better place you know a place where they can really take care of you#oh thank you good sir
whoa this is a hospital ?#that it is we will take the cure bag a few lobsters then watch some gay guys get married
ah you must be the simpsons#howdy and thanks for not recoiling in horror
oh you will have a great view of the whole beach from the electric needle room#really ? the whole beach ?
yes from the electric needle room#(horrified) electric needle room ?
ext island  day  later)#(pained screams in between buzzing noises)
yeah we know#i figured it out after i ate one of my chest sores
no way we scored a free hawaiian vacation#this place is a blast all we have to do is endure two hours of blinding pain then it is nothin' but shopping and surfing
well it all sounds lovely but#come on loosen up this is paradise
(over pa) number one report to the dermabrasion hut#(chipper) that is me
(chipper) that is me#(sings) aloha (screams) / aloha (screams) until we meet a(screams)
int simpson house  living room  day)#bill bill (gasp) oooh llib eh wait a minute (flips it rightsideup then annoyed grunt) bill ?
bill bill (gasp) oooh llib eh wait a minute (flips it rightsideup then annoyed grunt) bill ?#huh ? springfield university homecoming (dreamily) finally a chance to relive my golden college years
dad you only took one course#(ignoring lisa) remember my love affair with ali mcgraw ? she used to call me "preppy" then she died
(reading letter interested murmur) there is a homecoming parade a cocktail party#then the big game between springfield u and springfield a & m (seething) i hate springfield u so much
you went to springfield u you hate a & m#(seething) so much
ext springfield u  day)#my old dorm room (sexily to marge) come on baby let's matriculate
or a ski hat if you have got a picture of a girl#(fondly) my old roommates the nerds (hugs them) ya workin' ?
does anybody need that much porno ?#(drooling) one million times
int college hall  continuous)# yeah so because of me all the dorms now have security phones
yes thank you anton (to crowd chuckling) now folks a seven and five football season does not come cheap and this is a fund raiser#(short scream)
all right now let's empty our pockets#make me
(nods to burly men) professor rocco chancellor knuckles ?#(giggling) okay all right okay
(harmonizing to tune of "and many more") we look like slobs#i am beginning to think this alumni party was just a ruse to get our money
my computer has 512 shades of red#have you nerds forgotten everything i taught you ? this calls for a prank (mystical) i see a bucket
ext springfield u  dean's residence  night)#(hums then giggles) oh this is gonna be so great
ext dean peterson's house  night  simultaneous)#(hums) so when dean peterson opens his door this bucket of super glue is gonna drop right on his head
(hums) so when dean peterson opens his door this bucket of super glue is gonna drop right on his head#he what the ?
he what the ?#(grunts)
(grunts)#oh real original who did this ?
good evening gentlemen#(last straw) oh that is it you are through dean
(last straw) oh that is it you are through dean#(cocky) now who is the dean ?
i tried greasing the bucket with bacon fat but your father kept eating it#oh could not you try a nondelicious fat ? (sobs) oh there is no such thing
(chuckles then) sorry but these guys crack me up#(plaintive) what guys ? i wanna see the freaks
okay hang on homer two eye holes coming up#easy easy
easy easy#too far
homer maybe i should drive#(defensive) what ? i can see fine
(defensive) what ? i can see fine#(beat) that had nothing to do with the bucket
wow is there anything he can not do ? (no new animation)#(shouting) cure me cure me
(to homer) brother i sense you are feeling trapped and desperate#yeah and i got a bucket on my head
i have the power#i see the light (squints) it burns
(amid yelling) hallelujah#uh miracle boy ?
uh miracle boy ?#i believe i had hair (looks into bucket) oh here they are
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#(frustrated sound) i can not come up with an idea for my homecoming float do it for me
what have you got so far ?#(giggles) look at moe dance (sings) aloha moe
that is nice but maybe your homecoming float should have something to do with college#yeah you are right
i think godzilla's bigger than superman#(dismissive noise then haughty) it is not to scale
no really it can be a crazy party with clouds and lasers and miracles#and chili fries
ext simpson house  driveway)#(whistling)
ah yeah i i could not help but notice you you picked pretty much all of my flowers#can not make a float without flowers
ohho true enough but uh did you have to salt the earth so nothing would ever grow again ?#(sheepish chuckle) yeah
(to himself disgusted) my thesaurus you will lose more than that (to camera) in preparation for the big game springfield stadium has caught additionalseatingcapacity fever (half chuckles then angry sound)#woo hoo go su
a & m is gonna kick your ivycovered butts#yeah well you went to a cow college
whoa nelly we have ourselves a barnburner here today welcome to the 117th dustup between the snortin' swine of springfield a & m and the springfield university nittany tide ohhh doctor break out the hickory switch#okay who needs another lamb rack ?
okay who needs another lamb rack ?#lisa ? ham hock ? tri tip ?
do we have any food that wasn't brutally slaughtered ?#well i think the veal might have died of loneliness
(impressed) wow he should have his foot insured by lloyds of london#(tipsy) oh you just know what everyone should do do not you marge ?
now ladies and gentlemen pour a little cider on those peepers 'cause here comes the halftime parade#(gasp) i forgot my float
(gasp) i forgot my float#quick pass me down
quick pass me down#(ticklish giggling)
and as those lumbering ships of the gridiron sail off into our memories the players return to the field#wait hang on
then what is this ?#(yelling tipsy) wait wait i got a float too listen up 'cause i gotta explain a lot of it
(yelling tipsy) wait wait i got a float too listen up 'cause i gotta explain a lot of it#boo ?
hey look out / look out#out of the way baryshnikov
just a simple yes or no#(distraught) oh i only wanted to show my school spirit
i wagered a large sum on the performance of that scholarathlete#(scared whimper) no wait i got a kid who is a miracle worker he will heal him up real good
well he'd better or else#(defiant) or else what ?
(defiant) or else what ?#oh right the ice pick
oh right the ice pick#(pleading) bart i need a miracle
sorry dad i can not just magically cure a broken leg#(short scream) please bart you have gotta use your powers i am beggin' ya
i know is phony major (sob) lubchenko learn nothing nothing (sobs)#bart do your thing
yes#poor guy he lost his leg
(upbeat) springfield community#this is my year marge everyone knows i am what makes this city great
a man who brings laughter and joy to the children of springfield#(gasps)
(jumps up) hey hey#wha ?
wha ?#who are you ?
seat filler#everyone gets an award but me
(defensive) i can not help it if i donated the most blood (short beat) oh i am feeling kinda woozy#(whining) oh why will not anyone give me an award ?
you won a grammy#i mean an award that is worth winning
homer sit down#(bad impression of old person) what is that sonny ?
"thank you all so much i love springfield from the cuddliest infant to th (stops reading flips page)  puppies (flips page) patriotism (flips page) bluebirds" (disgusted sound) i am not reading this drivel (throws down speech) this speech is over#well that was a great night for us all
that is not an award that is part of the set#nothing you can say will diminish this honor
(calling out door) do not worry about a thing we will take good care of your house#look at me i am a billionaire
good lord this bedroom is as big as our house#and the bed never needs to be made check it out
(disapproving grumble) seems a little wasteful#(correcting her) wasteful and practical
(correcting her) wasteful and practical#a mechanical dressing dealy watch this marge
a mechanical dressing dealy watch this marge#now i am ready to hit the town
i am princess margaret#i am drunk
mom bart's making faces at me (looks through opera glasses) i think#(yelling) look how loud i have to yell
hmm i know what the other eleven forks are for but what do you do with this one ?#(snooty) why marge i believe you are supposed to scratch your ass with it
stop that cigars are for rich people and legendary comedians like bill crosby and david letterson#oops forgot to swirl it
homer did you jimmy open mr burns' liquor cabinet ?#jimmy is such an ugly word marge (short beat) unless you are talking about jimmy smits (bob hope growl)
stop swirling homer#listen i worked long and hard for this place and no one's going to take it away from me not you not its rightful owner not anybody
listen i worked long and hard for this place and no one's going to take it away from me not you not its rightful owner not anybody#and another thing if i ev
if i ev#(into phone) operator get me thailand (spelling it) ti and so on
homer who are you calling ?#everybody i found burnsie's address book i called the new york yankees and told them to bunt and then i called the queen of england and asked her how it was going and then i
well do not run up mr burns' phone bill#just a second marge (into phone) hello thailand ? how is everything on your end ? (listens) uhhuh that is some language you got there (listens) and you talk like that twentyfour seven huh ?
just a second marge (into phone) hello thailand ? how is everything on your end ? (listens) uhhuh that is some language you got there (listens) and you talk like that twentyfour seven huh ?#hey
homer you have got to stop pretending this is your house you are not a billionaire#(hurt) geez way to burst my bubble marge
all i am saying is do not get too comfortable mr burns will be back tomorrow#marge you are right we do have to have a party
party ? no no parties#what about partays ?
no partays no shindigs no keggers no hootenannies no mixers no raves no box socials#damn
damn#and i looked so good on that box
int moe's  moments later)#havin' a party moe i will need four kegs of your finest importedsounding beer
how 'bout tuborg ? the beer of danish kings#mmmm danish
now you know i can not sell you no beer till two pm on accounta it is sunday#huh ? if you can not sell beer what are lenny and carl doing here ?
(pointing) when it gets to here we can drink again#(whiny) but i need that beer now
sorry two pm (joking) or you can steal a boat and sail out to international waters#what is that a theme park ?
no the ocean once you get twelve miles out there is no laws at all that is where they held the tyson/secretariat fight#(laughs) they were so drunk gentlemen get off your knees your rich uncle homer is throwing the wildest box social the high seas have ever seen
(laughs) they were so drunk gentlemen get off your knees your rich uncle homer is throwing the wildest box social the high seas have ever seen#and you are invited
oh no you do not i am not going to let you trash mr burns' yacht#marge you know i normally listen to you but i have gotta seize this opportunity just in case i never become a real billionaire
hey there is another way to get on the boat#woo hoo
woo hoo#(barking out orders) propellers spinning turn left boat go there
the boat's going sideways#ships ahoy
ships ahoy#well done mr lenny well done
ow#we made it son international waters  the land that law forgot
wow you can do anything out here#that is right see that ship over there ?
that is right see that ship over there ?#they are rebroadcasting major league baseball with implied oral consent not expressed written consent or so the legend goes
please accept these illegal fireworks with my blessing yarrr#there are no laws we can do anything we want anything
there are no laws we can do anything we want anything#ow ow oh real mature lenny
ext burns' yacht  day)#look at those poor saps back on land with their laws and ethics they will never know the simple joys of a monkey knife fight
(beat through bullhorn) (mouths "china grove" guitar riff)#c'mon bart the coast guard is covering the doobs
c'mon bart the coast guard is covering the doobs#(to party guests) who is the greatest billionaire in the world ?
well let's play it by ear#(short scream) pirates (then tentatively) are you friendly pirates ?
uh not really no#(frightened noise) what have you done with my party guests ?
(frightened noise) what have you done with my party guests ?#(enthusiastic) third best for me
aye aye captain (turns wheel)#(through bullhorn) help pirates
(through bullhorn) navy seals are on the way#(through bullhorn) oh bless you
(through bullhorn) how 'bout a tactical nuclear strike ?#(through bullhorn) oh that would be just (realizing groans then sadly) you are just yankin' my chain are not you ?
enough get in the net#i do not wanna
(angry squawks)#ah ha prepare to die
ah ha prepare to die#(to pirate in corner) you too
(to pirate in corner) you too#(shrieks) agh rope burns
(shrieks) agh rope burns#(shrieks) oooh oooh charlie horse charlie horse
(shrieks) oooh oooh charlie horse charlie horse#(knife in mouth) agh my mouth
(knife in mouth) agh my mouth#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#(to pirates) in the net right ?
some party homer#shut up net face
hey you are in the net too#(insistent) i said shut up net face
and now we will cut you loose for liability purposes it is the ocean that will kill you not us#ahhhh
hey what do you know ? it floats#that was my plan all along now relax and the currents will take us home
what about the people on the bottom ?#they are the greatest heroes of all (then) hey something's clawing at my leg (then) okay it stopped
(nodding)  yes not bad#uh mr burns pirates got your yacht
ah it is good to be home#i do not know after living like a billionaire this place is kind of a dump
bart stop that now we may not have antique furniture or priceless art work but we have everything we need right here#that is right just because we are not rich does not mean that we do not have (sobs) oh i can not even finish i wanna be rich
that is right just because we are not rich does not mean that we do not have (sobs) oh i can not even finish i wanna be rich#(sobs) like these guys (sobs) and look at all these rich people here not as rich as they should be of course but still rich (sobs) all that big money look at all of these got all this money i have lots of money (sobs) (mumble) oh look at all the other people oh look at all the people who can buy and sell me i should send a list of these names to the irs i am takin' 'em all down (sobs) oh look at all the rich people (sobs) oh look at the rich
shhh#do not shush me you rich bastards
(suddenly excited cheers)#good luck gettin' a horse to eat dog food
ext state fair  a few days later  establishing)#(to ticket taker) vietnam veteran
(squeakyvoiced teen) do you have a military id ?#(indignant) id ? man charlie did not ask for id when i fought at la choy and chun king (in teen's face) i saw my best friend's head explode at margaret cho
homer give him the fifty cents#(bitterly) why should i ? did my country give me a parade ? no man they spat at me and
just go#(quiet dignity) thanks this closes the saddest chapter in american history
who are those pleasant old men ?#it is bto they are canada's answer to elp their big hit was "tcb" (off bart's blank look) that is how we talked in the '70s we did not have a moment to spare
but first we'd like to dip into our new cd#(shouting) "takin' care of business"
(chuckles) do not worry sir we will get to that one#no talking no new crap "takin' care of business" now
(singing) you get up every morning / to the alarm clock's warning / take the eightfifteen into the city#get to the "workin' overtime" part
(singing) "workin' overtime"#work out
ext bandshell  later)#play "ain't seen nothing yet"
we just did#(valley girlish) whateverrr
be sure to stick around for the battle of the elementary school bands#(disappointed groan)
homer lisa's in that#i stand by my disappointed groan
i can not believe those idiot judges were impressed by glowing plastic tubes#look lisa it glows oooo
(to lisa) zing#see marge ? i told you they could deepfry my shirt
excuse me but i believe this family already had a horse and the expense forced homer to work at the kwikemart with hilarious consequences#anybody care what this guy thinks ?
ext simpson car  a little later)#(looking ahead) tunnel
calculated figures) oh my oohhoo it is going to cost us $500 a week to keep duncan#but he will bring us joy marge unlike all your silly gewgaws
at least you do not have to feed any of the stuff i bought at the fair well except the mop#marge your promop antihorse agenda has been clear for some time but do not worry i have a way for duncan to earn his keep
ext football field  later)#(impressed) mmm that is terrific duncan you are ten for ten now let's look in the rulebook and see if horses can play in the nfl (thumbing through rulebook noises then annoyed grunt)
he is a diving horse maybe he could dive for pearls#pearls eh ?
hey dad#huh ?
this horse is pretty fast maybe we can race him#racehorse eh ?
really  hey what are you doing ?#(distressed moan)
dad if we are gonna race duncan should not we hire a professional trainer ?#son i learned everything i needed to know from "the horse whisperer" step one seduce a lonely housewife
seduce a lonely housewife#(tipping hat) ma'am
(tipping hat) ma'am#now for the actual horse whispering
now for the actual horse whispering#(loud whisper) when the race starts run really fast
really ? i thought i was the only one#champion horse coming through
what the#good horse here's one taco and you will get another when you win
good horse here's one taco and you will get another when you win#hey where do you get those metal dealies for his feet ?
you mean horseshoes ?#hey what is with the attitude ? i just want some dealies
(skeptically) you really think that horse can run a mile and a half ?#he ran all the way here
ext starting gate  later)#you can do it duncan i do not care if your odds are (checking form) five million to one ?
ext grandstand  moments later)#that horse better win or we are taking a trip to the glue factory and he will not get to come
ext race track  parking lot  later)#cheer up son i thought you looked damn good out there (seeing duncan's number) oh wait you were number "5" ? eew you stin (off bart's hurt look) damn good
duncan's really fast dad he was just intimidated by those other horses#(getting idea) well he is not gonna be intimidated anymore we are gonna toughen him up  give him a new badass attitude all those other horses will be shaking in their horse dealies
is that duncan ?#not anymore ladies say hello to
(examining horse) ew you used my bracelet for a nose ring#(zenlike) possessions are fleeting
ext race track  winner's circle  continuous)#(to jockeys taunting) woo hoo in your little faces
ext racetrack  later)#man i got more trophies than wayne gretzky and the pope combined
you are quite a trainer mr simpson care to join us for a beer in the jockey's lounge ?#i have been waiting all my life to hear that
int jockey room  seconds later)#hey where'd you go ? little man ?
hey where'd you go ? little man ?#(shrieks)
int jockey's lair  continuous)#(panicked) what happened ?
(panicked) what happened ?#what is this place ?
(wicked munchkin laugh)#why are you talking like that ?
these are our real voices (normal voice) we only talk like this on your surface world#but you are respected athletes you own car dealerships and marry beauty queens
your renegade horse is making us frown#what do you want me to do ?
(singing) your horse must lose#my horse must lose ?
(deep voice) just lose the stinkin' race#and what if i refuse to lose ?
(talking) we will eat your brain#(singing) my horse must lose
(singing) my horse must lose#(pained sound then scared sliding sound)
ext racetrack  moments later)#(feeling for door) did that really happen ? or was it just a wonderful dream ?
no dream lose the race fat boy#(frightened whimper)
ext simpson house  that night)#son do not ask why but you have to lose the big race
you want me to lose the springfield derby ? but you always taught me that winning was everything#oh it is it is but we have been pushing that poor horse too hard
maybe but if duncan wins the derby he can spend the rest of his days as a stud#(considering) well it is a good life believe me (laughs) all right we will give it a shot i will deal with those murderous trolls
(confused) huh ?#i mean i will deal with those murderous trolls
(normal voice) good luck today bill (turns to homer menacing hiss)#(short shriek)
might this be the start of a terrifying planet of the horses ? in this announcer's opinion almost certainly yes and away i go#go son do it for the normals
ext track  winner's circle  a little later)#i can not stress enough how easy it was to win this prestigious race and furthermore
i can not stress enough how easy it was to win this prestigious race and furthermore#(quickly) hollywoodisleadingourkidsdownamoralsewergottago
hey need any help homer ?#nah we are cool
nah we are cool#marge now
marge now#son go get me a trash bag
we will give you gold#now that you are a champion you will have your pick of the fillies
(enthusiastic whinny)#(agreeing) yeah she is the best ooo can you imagine (pointing to two pictures) her face on her body ?
now remember we have to leave nature just the way we found it everything we pack in we pack out#but what if i have to do my business ?
use this plastic bag#(moans) how come bears can crap in the woods and i can not ?
ah we are so lucky to have this untouched piece of paradise so close to springfield#(alarmed gasp) bees
they sound angry and africanized#okay nobody panic there is plenty of spray for me
(gasp) the bird sanctuary  they ruined it#no they did not (dreamy) they just surrounded it with something wonderful  like a raisin covered in chocolate or a monkey in a cowboy suit
ext infield  day  half an hour later)#(re beaver dam) see ? animals can get used to anything
show us your boobs show us your boobs#(nervous noise) better do what he says marge
that is very sweet but we have a full day of hiking planned#we can hike anytime this is our chance to see cars driving (grabs tickets)
hididdlyho pedaltothemetalophiles#flanders ? since when do you like anything cool ?
c'mon somebody crash#be patient son a rushed car never crashes
be patient son a rushed car never crashes#oh i missed one
eight seconds great job boys#(looks at his watch impatient) let's go new tires c'mon c'mon
we are going as fast as we can ma  (grabs homer's arm) hey who are you ?#oh how rude of me my name is
oh how rude of me my name is#(calling) my bad
and now here's something for the guys#finally
(disappointed groan)#i need a shirt gimme a shirt
(stagey) well i guess no one else wants a tshirt#(stands up cups hands to mouth) that is a damn lie and you know it gimme a shirt
(to other cheerleaders) you heard him girls#("hey batterbatter") hey tshirt tshirttshirt
fire#oooh a bobby pin
no i really mean it though i mean if it was you that died i would have been on her so fast (arches eyebrow lewdly)#(sadly) and poor ned did not get a chance to say goodbye well from now on i am never gonna let you leave the room without telling you how much i love you and how truly special this is really eating up a lot of time maybe just a pat on the butt (pats her butt) yeah that works
now homey you know ned and the boys need us and you know what that means#(somberly) i know no more being a jerk
(to crowd) and now the good people at fandemonium as part of a generous settlement will fire a 21tshirt salute#(grabs shirt) finally
now if there is anything anything at all i can do to help out#quit hogging flanders i want to comfort him
(chuckles) that is nice of you homer but (sniffles) i think i will just go to bed#then i insist on walking you home
homer this really is not necessary#those feelings are normal ned they are part of the process (walking across simpsons' lawn) watch the sprinkler
hey that is my sprinkler#it is natural to feel that way but the sprinkler is gone it is time to let go
i just bought that#i know i know it is never easy
int flanders house  bedroom  evening)#you want anything else ? water ? chili fries ? how about some white noise ? (makes openmouth white noise hiss)
aw homer you do not have to (snores blissfully)#sleep tight neddie
int simpson house  master bedroom  later that night)#(sleepy) what the (sees ned brightening) oh you want a rock fight eh ? (chuckles)
no homer i just need to talk#okay be right down
okay be right down#(mischevious chuckle)
i just keep replaying the whole thing in my head i can not believe my last words to maude were "no footlongs"#yep it would've been a lot better if you would said "i love you" or "you are special" you know something sweet instead of that hot dog crack
if i'd only been a gentleman and got the hot dogs myself she'd still be here#(reassuring) now now now do not beat yourself up i am the one who drove her out of her seat i am the one who provoked the lethal barrage of tshirts i am the one who parked in the ambulance zone preventing any possible resuscitation
(reassuring) now now now do not beat yourself up i am the one who drove her out of her seat i am the one who provoked the lethal barrage of tshirts i am the one who parked in the ambulance zone preventing any possible resuscitation#(backpedalling) but uh there is no point in playing the blame game
(sighs) ah you are right i have just got to work through the grief there is not gonna be an easy answer#(to self) easy answer eh ?
ext flanders yard  day)#(to self) oh yeah that is it baby that is the money shot yeah the camera loves you ohhoho you tease you (chuckles)
why are you taping flanders dad ?#(coy) you will see
do you even have a job anymore ?#(dignified) i think it is pretty obvious that i do not
okay i finished the gardening sequence#okay from here we starwipe to a glamour shot of flanders paying his bills
okay from here we starwipe to a glamour shot of flanders paying his bills#then we starwipe to flanders brushing his
dad there are other wipes besides starwipes#why eat hamburger when you can have steak ?
int flanders house  living room  day)#so how're you doing ned ?
oh it is been a hard couple of months but i feel like i have turned a corner#(grandly) well that is all gonna change thanks to this tape
tape ?#(quickly) now the audio needs some tweaking and there is some footage of maggie being born that i could not get rid of anyway enjoy
(quickly) now the audio needs some tweaking and there is some footage of maggie being born that i could not get rid of anyway enjoy#single women of springfield your prayers have been flanswered
single women of springfield your prayers have been flanswered#(coyly) ned flanswered that is
(disbelief) is this a dating video ?#shush
shush#what would you say about a man who owns his own house
what would you say about a man who owns his own house#and his own car ? that is ned flanders
and his own car ? that is ned flanders#a man who is not afraid to cry
a man who is not afraid to cry#(friendly) hey ned
so that is why you maced me#(chuckles) yeah
(chuckles) yeah#ned does everything with class whether he is punching in his atm codeor keeping clean in the shower
homer#but do not take my word for it listen to this testimonial
oh i would date ned in a second if i was a woman or gay he looks like a cuddler that ned i i like that i like to be held i like to be pampered#so if you are tired of dating the same old losers
what are you doing homer ?#step up to the best ned flanders the man with the chest
ewwww#now we will just send this to the dating service the chicks'll fall for you and (punches palm) bam (dignified) the healing begins
("i am speechless" sounds) homer you obviously went to a lot of trouble but dating ? it just feels way too soon#ohhohoho that is great chicks really dig sensitivity did you get that bart ?
got it#beautiful and starwipe aaaand we are out
ext sidewalk near flanders house  a minute later)#(satisfied chuckle) hello ? mailman ?
homer i am having second thoughts this feels so disloyal to maude#oh wake up ned you think maude is not dating in heaven ?
you think she would ?#how could she not ? the place is full of eligible bachelors  john wayne tupac shakur sherlock holmes
(chuckles) sherlock holmes is a character#he sure is (bob hope growl)
ext simpson house  later that night  establishing)#so how'd you do tonight romeo ?
(enthusiastic) you are darn right you are and you have got lots of other great qualities too#that is right ned those floozies we married in vegas were crazy about you
what floozies ? what are you talking#marge we are trying to help ned
homer you help too#i toileth not on ye sabbath woman a pox on thee
you are watching pbs ?#hey i am as surprised as you but i have stumbled upon the most delicious british sitcom
(reading) "do shut up" ?#it is about a harddrinking yet loving family of soccer hooligans if they are not having a go with a bird they are having a row with a wanker
(horrible screams) me eyes / oh i am scalded i am#the mother's the voice of reason
(chuckling) classic not hard to see why it is england's longestrunning series and today we are showing all seven episodes#hey what the hell's going on ?
sorry but these thieves make me so damn mad (to camera) you know who you are thieves#you are mad ? where is my show ?
and now it is time to go back to "do shut up"#finally
outstanding#why are you torturing me ? i am just a man
you know i have worked with so many legendary actors over the years who could be counted on to (finger quotes) "phone it in" well now it is your turn to phone it in  your pledge that is please please we are only ten thousand dollars away from returning to our show#well why did not you say so ?
well why did not you say so ?#(into phone) yes i'd like to pledge ten thousand dollars to get them to shut up from anonymous
(into phone) yes i'd like to pledge ten thousand dollars to get them to shut up from anonymous#done and done
dad you do not have ten thousand dollars#eh how're they gonna find me ?
folks we just reached our goal of ten thousand seven hundred dollars and it is all thanks to one generous caller who did not leave his name#(chuckles)
but thanks to instatrace we have learned it is homer simpson of 742 evergreen terrace#(short scream) oh why did i register with instatrace ?
our pledgeenforcement van will be at his house in moments#uhoh you have gotta help me bart
uhoh you have gotta help me bart#that is it boy go get help
that is it boy go get help#(pissedoff sound)
ext simpson house  a short while later)#(panicked) okay homer do not panic (to himself) let me do the talking
(confused sound) they do not show police chases do they ?#umm (grandly) it is an honor to give ten thousand dollars especially now when the rich mosaic of cable programming has made public television so very very unnecessary
well said homer and now for the moment of generosity#will cash be okay ?
absolutely#well then we have got a problem (checks watchless wrist) the banks are closed by now
it is 1215#maybe your movie star banks are open crazy hours but we in springfield are simple folk we like our cars fast and our banks closed (off their dubious looks) okay fine we will go down there but they are not going to be open
ext first springfield bank  a little later)#yeah it is a real ghost town in there
(goodnatured chuckle then) get in there#(stagey) i'd like to withdraw ten thousand dollars please (winks)
(reading note) "you are on television please play along" are you robbing me ?#(loud whisper) i will pay you later
um is there a problem mr simpson ?#uh why no uh everything is just
uh why no uh everything is just#(sobs distraught) i can not do it i can not kill a man
(gently) you do not have the money do you homer ?#(shakes head sheepishly) mmmm
and you thought you could stab your problems away ?#(nodding sheepishly) mmhmm
(sweetly) silly goose why did not you say so ? (finger snap then menacing) get 'im boys#(short shriek) the hooligans
(menacing squawk)#(spotting something) bingo
int first church of springfield  continuous)#sanctuary
sanctuary#sanctuary
(sighs rolls eyes) oh why did i teach him that word ?#quick you have got to hide me from pbs their bloodthirsty pursuit is made possible by a grant from the chubb group
ellmeaux knows where you live#(to lovejoy) please help me i will do anything i will light a candle i will help with your next charity scam
(coldly) the word is "drive"#sure sure bob's your uncle let's just get outta here
we will send you someplace safe till the heat dies down#great but why am i on a plane ?
homer how would you like to be a missionary in the south pacific ?#south pacific ? i did not agree to
south pacific ? i did not agree to#(scared noise)
(scared noise)#(to pilot) wha  wait i am no missionary i do not even believe in jebus let me out
sorry no can do#(wailing) oh save me jebus
no no you can even keep in touch with him on this ham radio#jebus where are you ? homer to jebus (pitiful moan)
ext tropical island  lagoon  day)#hmm this does not look so bad
hmm this does not look so bad#aww hi there little fella
aww hi there little fella#(horrified sound)
you must be homer i am craig that is amy well see ya#you are leaving ? wait what do i do here ?
first of all forget everything you learned in missionary school#(short beat) done
(calling out door) do not let the bed bugs bite (seriously) seriously#me homer me hiding from pbs
welcome reverend homer we look forward to learning about the bible from you#here you go knock yourself out
we can not read#(tired sigh) does the word "jetlag" mean anything to you people ? "jetlaggg"
are you enjoying your ox testicle ?#oh yes very much so
really ? you sure you would not rather have a coconut ? (offers coconut chuckles) they are delicious#no i am good
no i am good#hey what happened to all the shirtless girls you see in all the geographical magazines ?
yeah anything goes over there (chuckles) bouncy bouncy#(moans)
(moans)#(after shaking stops) what was that ?
oh we call that (short series of clicks and guttural sounds) sorry fish bone in my throat we call that "earthquake"#(looking at ground) great now my testicle's got ants on it
(looking at ground) great now my testicle's got ants on it#thanks sweetheart have a bible (hands her bible) my name's homer what is yours ?
i am oovilueeookitanawanjay#(blank stare then cheerfully) i am gonna call you lisa junior (to qtoktok) so what do you do for fun around here ?
craig and amy were also building a chapel#(childish) craig and amy craig and amy why do not you just marry craig and amy ?
(to ak) i told you we should have asked them#(looking around) so how is the tv reception here ? excellent or ?
(confused) tv ?#you do not have tv ? but what will i watch while i am sitting on the couch ?
cououch ?#no couches either ? oh man i need a beer
no couches either ? oh man i need a beer#oh god oh god oh god oh god
(pained chanting) oh god oh god oh god oh god#(disappointed) nothin'
(disappointed) nothin'#(stoked) here we go eeyeah
(echoey) homer ? homer ?#(confused sounds)
(echoey) hello ? is there anybody in there ?#(excited) marge
homer are you all right ?#i guess so but that first month was pretty rough
you have only been gone two days#really ? without tv it is hard to know when one day begins and the other ends
i just do not think it is funny#mmm i can see the house is falling apart without me so here's the new order bart you are the man of the house lisa  i am promoting you to boy maggie's now the brainy girl the toaster can fill in for maggie (toast pops up) and marge you are a consultant
dad ?#yes boy ?
i just want to tell you how proud i am that you are showing an interest in your fellow man#(touched) really ? you are proud of me ?
oh yes the whole town thinks you are a real humanitarian ned flanders is green with envy#(loving it) oh really ? well if you will excuse me i have got some civilization to spread like butter on the english muffin that is these people with all their little nooks and crannies
dad are you licking toads ?#(coy) well i am not not licking toads well it is time to get to work humanitarian homer simpson over and out
(coy) well i am not not licking toads well it is time to get to work humanitarian homer simpson over and out#(stoked sound)
(stoked sound)#gather 'round everyone i am going to teach you about religion
oh god oh god oh god#please please that is not necessary i am just god's messenger
please please that is not necessary i am just god's messenger#and lo what a wondrous message it is
and lo what a wondrous message it is#like this from the book of psalms (reading from bible passionate) "god will shatter the heads of his enemies the hairy crown of those who walk in their guilty ways that you may bathe your feet in blood" (shutting bible) as true today as it was when it was written
(reading from bible passionate) "god will shatter the heads of his enemies the hairy crown of those who walk in their guilty ways that you may bathe your feet in blood" (shutting bible) as true today as it was when it was written#now let's open it up to some q & a
now let's open it up to some q & a#(points) yes lisa junior ?
amy said there are lots of religions which is the right one ?#well not the unitarians if that is the one true faith i will eat my hat
um if the lord is all powerful why does he care whether we worship him or not ? (looking heavenward) ak just saying#well ak it is because god is powerful but also insecure like barbra streisand before james brolin (dreamy) oh he is been a rock
well ak it is because god is powerful but also insecure like barbra streisand before james brolin (dreamy) oh he is been a rock#(giving up) oh who am i kidding ? the truth is i am no missionary i work in a nuclear power plant
(hopeful) ooh tell us all you know about nuclear power#(blank beat then) look the point is i want to help but you do not need a well or a chapel or an immunization center what you need's a little razzle dazzle (snaps fingers to ak) qtoktok are you thinking what i am thinking ?
i am ak#hey that is great now let's get to work
hey that is great now let's get to work#now if "the flintstones" has taught us anything it is that pelicans can be used to mix cement
now if "the flintstones" has taught us anything it is that pelicans can be used to mix cement#(to pelican) come on little friend make a wisecrack you know "it is a living" that sort of thing
(to pelican) come on little friend make a wisecrack you know "it is a living" that sort of thing#oopsie
ext tropical island  rocky hilltop  day)#friends  when i came here one month ago this seemed like a strange and frightening place but now i have learned to love this island as my second
friends  when i came here one month ago this seemed like a strange and frightening place but now i have learned to love this island as my second#a plane (calling) stop get me off this stinking rock (sigh)
a plane (calling) stop get me off this stinking rock (sigh)#(bright) anyhoo i am about to share with you a modernday miracle something that has revitalized cities from east st louis to biloxi mississippi the magic medicine of casino gambling
"the lucky savage" ?#it could be you
int casino  moments later)#check it out there is island blackjack island craps island texas hold 'em but if like me you are mesmerized by pretty colors and spinning things you will prefer roulette (to croupier) four sand dollars on number six please
check it out there is island blackjack island craps island texas hold 'em but if like me you are mesmerized by pretty colors and spinning things you will prefer roulette (to croupier) four sand dollars on number six please#(to croupier small talk) so how you doin' ? stayin' out of trouble ?
number six#woo hoo
woo hoo#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#now over here i have brewed up my favorite beverage beer it is mostly dristan and holy water but it does the job
ext parking lot  moments later)#so have fun everybody and who knows ? maybe you will hit the jackpot get off this island and spend the rest of your days in a tropical paradise
homer i am so impressed everything you are doing sounds so rewarding#oh you should've seen their faces honey now i know how bob stupak feels
ext tropical island  casino  a little later)#(starts grandly turns to shock) is everybody happyyyyy ?
(starts grandly turns to shock) is everybody happyyyyy ?#oh my god
(drunk) how can ace be one and eleven ? huh ? (poking homer) what kind of god would allow that ?#oh what happened ? i gave you a glittering vegas and you turned it into a skanky atlantic city
(to homer) why are you building chapel ?#because you are all terrible sinners
since when ?#since i got here now either grab a stone or go to hell
since i got here now either grab a stone or go to hell#well i may not know much about god but i have to say we built a pretty nice cage for him
these are from the children thanks to you all of us finally have a place to pray#(touched sound)
(small laugh) no really#not bad lisa junior but god's palace is way up on the moonso if we want him to hear us we have gotta crank up the volume
not bad lisa junior but god's palace is way up on the moonso if we want him to hear us we have gotta crank up the volume#do you hear me lord ? homer's doing your work i am the greatest missionary of all time (louder) of all time
do you hear me lord ? homer's doing your work i am the greatest missionary of all time (louder) of all time#oh no this looks like the end
oh no this looks like the end#(screams)
ext simpson house  establishing  dawn)#fire fire
fire fire#(pops head in) fire
(panicked) do not panic do not panic do not panic#get in move it this is not a drill
int simpson car  continuous)#(calm) good work everyone we are sure to be first in line for duff days
you set off the smoke alarm to rush us to a beer festival ?#(chuckles) i know i am a character now a little beer music to get in the mood
(chuckles) i know i am a character now a little beer music to get in the mood#looking for these ? (singing to polka music) deedeedee
now which one of you is our designated driver ?#(grunts) twist off dammit
(reads off card) okay our first event qualifies for course credit at dartmouth college  trick pouring#go moe boo everyone else
(applause)#ahhh you can really taste the goat
do not forget today's winner will be immortalized on our new duff calendar#all right guys one two three
all right guys one two three#moo ? lenny you were supposed to be "e"
(grunts) when i get home there are gonna be a lot of open pickle jars#(points to marge) that one
those balloons will not biodegrade for ten thousand years and if bart gets a wowwipop i want a wowwipop#aw maggie wants a balloon and daddy will take a hand stamp so he can get back in
(annoyed murmur)#just kidding (loud whisper to sloppy) remember my face
oh boy (sighs)#moe the new duff calendars are out the ones with your picture
i can not believe they put those stickers over my face (sighs) i must be the ugliest man alive#oh moe there is lots of people uglier than you like you ever been to white castle ?
the little rat eyes#caveman brow
or be with#c'mon moe do not feel bad there is too much emphasis on looks these days that is why they will not let bill maher on tv before midnight
c'mon moe do not feel bad there is too much emphasis on looks these days that is why they will not let bill maher on tv before midnight#(gently) well it is time to get some closure (grimly) extreme closure
int hospital  outpatient clinic  a week later)#(to doctor) hurry hurry up i have to pee
beautiful#okay now do moe
(overjoyed) homer did you hear that ? she called me handsome me it is like i have gone to heaven (worried) wait a minute i died on the operating table did not i ?#(chuckling) yeah but just for a minute it is a funny story i will tell you sometime
(overjoyed) so this is all real ?#(puts arm around moe) oh you dear dear man you are one of us beautiful people now and your new life begins today
yeah hello yourself i am moe szyslak back in high school i asked you to the springtime pumpkin dance and you turned me down well i just wanted to show you the face that you coulda been kissin'#yeah
(at a loss) apology ? uh geez i wasn't expecting that uh#run
okay last stop channel 6#you are gonna get even with that lottery guy that never picks our numbers
homer whoa whoa homer change of plans#(drops can and walks away) whatever
(distraught) hey there are women in our bar#hey moe beer me
ah i am a little busy homer ah you can pour it yourself#(re tap) hmm this is not nearly as complicated as moe made it seem
tap) hmm this is not nearly as complicated as moe made it seem#(scared yell turning to drunken moan)
(stagey) i did not bring you back to life so you could make a fool of me at the club#(reading from script) you do not love me the only thing you love is your ear nose and throat pavilion
i have dedicated my life to diseases of the head holes (puts his hand on homer's shoulder emotional) but the one hole i have never been able to fix is the one in my soul#(impressed) that was amazing moe i am actually a little turned on
yeah hey i gotta gift as a child i was bitten by the acting bug then it burrowed under my skin and laid eggs in my heart now those eggs are hatching and i the feeling is indescribable#i know what you mean our dog had that
(skimming binder) hmm looks like my character gets back together with that evil contessa#the one with the amulet ?
precisely (continuing to read) then i get in a skydiving accident and have to be rushed to the (turns page) graveyard ? (panicky) they are killing off dr tad winslow#(disbelieving) what ? let me see that (reading) "interior coroner's office closeup on dr winslow's mangled corpse coroner 'let's get that brain out and weighed and call it a day'" (looks up from script) yep that does sound kinda bad
well how could i say no to such a captivating#dingdong
(excited) whoa it is the door#dr winslooooow
(stagey) why who are you ?#i am an angel from the future
and what do you have to tell us oh angel of the future ?#you are going to die in a skydiving accident
how tragic tell me more#gabriella's baby shower will be invaded by terrorists with sexy results
ooh that is unexpected what else ?#well sister bernadette will leave the convent and start a softball team with sexy results
int soap opera set  continuous)#and only then do we find out that professor gallaway's halfsister is plotting to take over international perfume and wine
(holding up binder) stickin' it to you for killin' off my character#yeah
ext moe's  night  establishing)#i am sorry about your face moe
nah it is just as well that handsome face was nice but it was too much maintenance i had to wash it rub it with neat'sfoot oil you did me a favor homer and to think i was about to sell the bar to hooters#yeah you were (annoyed grunt)
int simpson car  continuous)#let's see judging from the bug buildup we are gettin' close
folks you are gonna want to turn around (ashamed) the bugs are firmly in charge#what ?
please just go they have taken the visitors' center they they ate the comment book#(put upon) all right geez
(spotting) hey an indian casino#god bless native america
god bless native america#(through window) let's go marge c'mon c'mon c'mon
homer you know i had a gambling problem#(through window) well what better place to celebrate your recovery than amidst the frenzied excitement of the casino floor ? (off marge's glare) lisa ?
ah something troubles me about indian gaming on the one hand the revenue helps the tribes#(faint and far away) sure we can not talk you into it ?
yeah but i really wanna#sorry son although they seem strange to us we must respect the ways of the indian
sorry son although they seem strange to us we must respect the ways of the indian#(a la indian chant) hihowareya hihowareya hihowareya hihowareya
int simpson house of the future  dining room  day)#bleh this virtual fudge tastes like crap
yo it is me#(pained yell) (wailing) oh what a bleak horrible future we live in
do not you mean present ?#right right present anyway can i get you some soylent green ?
is not that made of people ?#(tired of this discussion) oh here we go
hey dad my band finally got a break i just need a little moolah to get my amp outta hock how about a little loanski ?#oh i am tired of giving you money why can not you be more like lisa ?
(whiny) but i want some#you should've thought of that before you dropped out of the devry institute
what happened to you man ? you used to be cool#(defensive) i am still cool
nah you have changed man#well i do have this robotic prostate but you can not see it (looks down) oh you can
do not you think we should wait for lisa ? she is the president#she knows what time dinner is
(disappointed noise)#searched for lincoln's gold
dad that is just a myth lincoln did not hide any gold in the white house#(as if to a child) then what is his ghost protecting ?
(sighs)#(counting steps)  four score and four four score and five four score and six four score and seven paces
wait how do you know this is where lincoln buried the gold ? you just started counting from an arbitrary place#i started what from a what ?
your plan makes no sense#gold bars discovered by marge ? zero gold bars discovered by homer ? well let's just see
gold bars discovered by marge ? zero gold bars discovered by homer ? well let's just see#oops sorry honey
gold bars discovered by homer ?#shut up
int white house  later)#(excited) marge i did it i found lincoln's gold
(excited) marge i did it i found lincoln's gold#huh ?
you have come in search of my gold and i will not disappoint you"#oh boy oh boy oh boy
it is in our mighty rivers our majestic" well is not that clever ? it is a metaphor#(furious) that lying (clang) railsplitting (clang) theatergoing (clang) freak
int simpson car  continuous)#ah trash night in france they call it "la nuit des poubelles" in germany it is "crappenfest"
(wistful) i can not believe it only comes fiftytwo times a year#quit gabbin' and start grabbin' and remember the best stuff is usually deep in the garbage juice
quit gabbin' and start grabbin' and remember the best stuff is usually deep in the garbage juice#see ? a new pacifier for maggie
he will pay a lot to get this back#especially when we send it to him piece by piece
ext android's dungeon comic book store  night)#shh quiet
ext springfield business district  a little later)#well this muscle shirt's a pretty good find
dad that is a sports bra#all i know is i am finally getting the support i need
ooo italian#(chuckles then italian accent) hey vinnie how is about a pizza ? i gota no job (chuckles)
gee is that what i look like when i am drunk ?#(gasps pointing across street) mama mia look what the hawaiian restaurant threw out
ext polynesian restaurant  night)#(to tiki god) get outta my dreams and into my car
behold i am king talkietiki#hey flanders ? can your god do that ?
(booming) do not anger talkietiki i am allpower#(shrieks then quickly) i will be at moe's
what are you nuts ?#i threw you a party at my house
(very uncomfortable) mr gumbel you are upsetting me#you wish that is the stage we call "professor barney"  talkative coherent even insightful here's drunk
(high voice) well i am off to market (belches)#(upset) marge you are making a complete fool of yourse (realizing) oh it is just barney
oh i am a disgrace#disgracefully hilarious (laughs) you passed out before we could even give you your presents
i will show you i am gonna take these helicopter lessons#wait a minute barney you gotta be sober to fly i mean it is not like drivin' a car
(to self) santeria you are the greatest#barney did not you say you were gonna stop drinking ?
(breaks down) i know but it is so hard please help me homer#you came to the right guy i will straighten ya out right after i finish this beer
you came to the right guy i will straighten ya out right after i finish this beer#ah man that is sweet okay let's go
i feel for you pally but uh you want aa  this is triple a#oh my name is homer and i am planning a trip to st louis
east st louis ?#("but of course" attitude) is there any other st louis ?
ah welcome back homer i see you have finally hit rock bottom#(dismissive noise) not a chance i can sink way lower i just came to help my friend barney
well your recovery begins today and we promise you all the sugar cookies and secondhand smoke you can handle#(raises hand) the sugar cookies you speak of are they real or symbolic ?
they are on that table over there#(moans) i do not wanna walk that far anything that takes twelve steps is not worth doing get it ? huh ? twelve ? (laughs) steps
ext church  bushes  a moment later)#hey ? how did i get out here ?
hey homer (as homer sits) ah no no no do not sit there take this seat right next to the tap#(suspiciously) but that is barney's seat are you tryin' to make me the new barney ?
yeah someone who makes our alcoholism seem less raging#well forget it guys i am not barney (barneytype belch)
see homer ? it is not so bad (then mean) now dance rummy#(beat) okay
you danced for hours just because they told you to ?#if i did not i'd lose their respect
wanna go for a ride ?#can i marge ? can i ?
int helicopter  a little later)#so you missed some big changes at moe's he hangs newspapers over the urinals now you can read the sports page while you pee very ladida
whoops sorry (to homer) when i think about all the time i wasted at moe's#wasted ? what about our staring contests ? and the way we always knew what football coaches should've done ? remember the day we jumped that census guy and stole his clicker ?
those are all priceless memories homer but i do not want to do that stuff anymore#oh so you are better than me is that it ?
i did not say that#(like an angry date) take me home
oh do not be that way homer#(hands on hips) i will scream
so how was your ride with barney ?#i do not wanna talk about it
i do not wanna talk about it#stupid barney thinks he is too good for me
cheer up homie you do not need friends to be happy i have not had a friend in years#but you have got me who have i got ?
(groans) well you still have lenny and carl#(moans) lenny and carl suck (worried) please do not tell lenny and carl i said that 'cause if i ever lost them as friends
well if barney's that important to you you have gotta work it out old friends stick together like oj and ac or the falcon and the snowman#(lamenting) oh why can not i have a nickname ?
ext kwikemart  day  establishing)#hey apu you got any of those potato chips that give you diarrhea ? i need to do a little "spring cleaning"
(stiffly) oh hello homer#barney
homer's sixpacks) beer huh ?#that is right
enjoy#that i will
then we agree#you keep thinkin' that
i will#me too
good day then#good day then is right
ta#(triumphantly) tata
int moe's bar  day)#lenny carl i know a lot of people badmouth you and focus on how you suck but not me to me you are true blue
now dance rummy#okay
hiya moe#well if it is not little miss "i am not wasting my life anymore" (catty) which he is
fire has broken out on mount springfield trapping two youngsters and their camera#oh no that is bart and lisa
ext moe's  continuous)#barney you gotta fly us up there and save my kids
i can not i have never flown solo#barney
barney#the call is from heroism will you accept the charges ?
int helicopter  continuous)#where are you going ? the fire's that way
i know i know i have not learned right turns yet#(screams) look out
beer that is what i need#barney no do not
yes i need it#no you have gotta be sober for this gimme that
no you have gotta be sober for this gimme that#ugh it is warm
you can not drink 'em all#oh yes i can
oh yes i can#gimme that
gimme that#i will not let you give up now when you have worked so hard to be (suddenly drunk) the greatest pal in the world i love you let's not lose touch after graduation (snores)
(touched to homer) you brave man you took six silver bullets for me#stay away from my wife
dad#hi kids (laughs)
hang on i will throw you a ladder#get off get off
dad help#(matteroffact) all right i am comin'
you did it dad#(still drunk) you can not prove i did it
no you saved our lives#i could do a lotta things if i had some money
well i am glad we are friends again#yeah so what do you call this stuff ?
a double tall mocha latte#it is not bad
here's the mail dad that'll be three dollars for oncouch delivery#(counting) and three makes three
this is not real money it is printed by the montana militia#(ominous) it will be real soon enough
(ominous) it will be real soon enough#ooh my first issue of "selftest monthly" finally i get to find out what makes me tick
i am betting it is hunger and rage#yeah but in what ratio ?
yeah but in what ratio ?#(reading) "are you a good driver ?"
(reading) "are you a good driver ?"#(writing) "yes" (reading) "are you a good lover ?" (writing) "yes" oh i am doin' great
dad those are just the names of the quizzes you are supposed to open the magazine#my way is easier
why do not you be the quizmaster and ask other people the questions ?#(intrigued noise) quizmaster yes that would entertain me briefly
int flanders' house  rec room  later)#okay flanders your love quiz score is 61 that makes you a (scans page) "frigid frieda" i took off thirty points for all that crying you did
(sniffling) well it was a little insensitive giving me a sex test seeing that my wife just passed away#no way when ?
six months ago you were at the funeral you fell into the grave#(small chuckle) oh yeah i saw a gopher what a day
int power plant  homer's workstation)#okay (reading) "last question who is your favorite backstreet boy ?"
no no no nick he is so good to his mother#(checking magazine) according to this you are both idiots
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#okay (reading) "there is a black widow at your door a rattlesnake at the window and a scorpion on the phone do you a) none of the below b)"
homie for god's sakes it is two am#fine i will take the next quiz (turns page) (reads) "how long will you live ?"
fine i will take the next quiz (turns page) (reads) "how long will you live ?"#(reading) "in an average week how many braised ribs do you eat ?" marge do you think that counts honeybraised ?
(head under pillow loud) i do not know i am trying to sleep#(checking off quiz) okay nonsmoker add eight years so according to this i will live to be (shocked) 42 oh that is horrible i will not even live to see my children die (sobs)
(waking up) now what is wrong ?#i have only got three more years to live
charles nelsonreilly noise)#see ? and these quizzes are never wrong marge they are put together by the finest scientists in the magazine business
oh honey do not panic if you just made a few lifestyle changes#no
no#can not sleep gonna die can not sleep gonna die
i am going to kill you homer you are so dead#(shriek)
maybe you should see a doctor homie a head doctor#i am not crazy it is the tv that is crazy (to tv) are not you tv ?
the crisis ? charlie bluhdorn's birthday the solution ? a snappy banner out comes the phone in flies bobby towne and six drafts later i had myself a party#you see ? gibberish all gibberish
well we have got a soloflex down at hq anyway everything looks great mr burns i can not find a single violation or employee acting strangely#you gotta hide me death is after me (re sleeping bag design) and i do not entirely trust these cowboys
homer appalled) oh god what is he doing ?#(crazed sound) a mother can not die and i am a mother see ? (crazed sound)
you hate your father do not you ?#sometimes but the guy i really hate is your father
i should not have brought that up i was just venting anyhoo i think your fear of death is causing your insomnia which is provoking your erratic behavior#(holds up doll) why is not my baby gaining weight ?
because it is made of plastic#i see
what you need is a good long rest i suggest florida#florida ? but that is america's wang
quiet you two you know your father's had a breakdown#my pockets hurt
(sighs)#party
int hotel room  later)#well (yawns) enjoy your sightseeing i promise i will not leave this bed
sweet dreams#uh could you just uh shut off the
ext hotel  later)#party party party
party party party#party party party
ext freeway  later)#now this is living
we got kid rock comin' up for all you mosh monkeys#(concert bellow) wooo i like music
yo yo straight out of detroit y'all it is the joe to the c let's rock the party with kid rock#oh no it is a lost child do not worry folks i will tackle him
(rapping) my name is kiiiidddd kid rock#(trying to sing along) bawitdaba / banana fana / ooga chocka / etc
thank you it is the pimp of the nation kid rock tearin' it up at spring break y'all now what we'd like to do next is bring it down for a minute#bring on the rappin' granny
bring on the rappin' granny#what ? she is hilarious
but this ain't no fortyounce curb so we are gonna need forty gallons y'all#(boozy) all for homer (guzzles more) all for homer
yo let's waste that biatch#"biatch ?" moi ?
(gettinghitwithbeer noises)#(singing) we built this city / on rock annnd roll (then) uhoh
(hangs head ashamed) no sir (looks up worried) please do not tell mama#(sucking up) they called you a pig sheriff
(gasps) oh thank goodness where were you ?#(still tipsy) guess how many boobs i saw today marge ? fifteen
nah boys will be boys i reckon he was just blowin' off a little steam#(laughs) does not he talk funny ?
(laughs) does not he talk funny ?#(stretching noise then pulling on shirt) my insomnia it is gone check it out marge i am sane again (taps his noggin) and i owe it all to (yelling) spring break
pulling on shirt) my insomnia it is gone check it out marge i am sane again (taps his noggin) and i owe it all to (yelling) spring break#whoo i am an animal
whoo i am an animal#hey where is everybody ?
the world looks to us  the college students  for leadership#fine be nerds i will find some people who know the true meaning of the words partay
ext swamp  later)#(singing along) we built this city / this kickass city / what kind of music built this city ?
dad look out#(to tune of song) look out for what ? (moves "mic" to bart)
(to tune of song) the giant gator#(to tune of song) the giant
(to tune of song) the giant#(shrieks)
(horrified gasp) you killed captain jack you in a heap o' trouble son#you will have to catch me first
you will have to catch me first#(three underwater screams)
(three underwater screams)#(to sheriff) okay i will go quietly
well do not you worry darlin' i got some babycuffs in the station#look this is our chance
look this is our chance#let's go
you can not drive dad he is got your license#well i am gonna try anyway
well i am gonna try anyway#it worked it is a miracle
pull over#(yelling out window) there is no good place
there is lots of good places (points) what about over there ?#no shade
no shade#(pleased) perfect
homer no you will kill us all#(macho) or die trying
(macho) or die trying#(relieved sigh)
(relieved sigh)#(annoyed grunt)
dad what do we do ?#the only thing we can do sit tight and try to get some sleep
(yawns) hey where is dad ?#rise and shine everybody
(stunned) you went to the snack car ?#yeah but first i talked to the engineer he said there is a procedure for dealing with events of this nature
(screams)#okay now am i the only one on fire ? (no response) good
this family has hit a new low we are on the run from the law totally lost no car no money no clean clothes and it is all your fault#i love being married
a diner ?#that is perfect we can hide out here 'til the heat's off
i like your honesty you are hired (to homer and marge) and you two have not said a word i like that you are hired#woo hoo
y'all can stay in this trailer now it ain't buckingham palace#(disappointed sound)
no thanks#more hashbrowns sugar ?
trouble with the law huh ? well i am not one to judge the way i see it we are all sinners and#(hums innocently)
(wheeling around) stop that#but i was just
scat#gonna try to
go on now#knock you out
ext trailer  night)#(singing) jimmy crack corn and i do not care / jimmy crack corn and i am not there / we built this city on rock and rolllll / something something day
too hot to bicker i reckon#you know killing that gator was the best decision i ever made
(bart) got that right / (marge) durn tootin' / (lisa) boy howdy#yep this place is great and someday when lisa and bart get married it will all be theirs
you mean when they marry other people#okay but i ain't payin' for two weddin's
(calling) you just relax i will have you in jail by supper time#you would better
well first up is the state of florida vs the simpson family#your honor i'd like to represent myself (turns to jury holds lapels) drunken hicks of the jury
afternoon folks got a new assignment for ya the judge is having a little soiree and he needs some help#(pained noise)
you hear me ?#(trapped) uhh no
you just do not learn do ya ?#(pained noise)
ext gardens in front of courthouse  evening)#champagne madame ?
champagne madame ?#son of a (then) and the gentleman ? (gets whipped) damn it
simpson we got a problem the jazz pianist did not show up#well what am i supposed to do ?
ext garden party  a minute later)#(pained noise)
flavor's gone#(as if to an idiot) that is what we have been trying to tell you
(to simpsons) well looks like you folks are free to go but do not you set foot in the state of florida again#fine there are plenty of other states that are happy to have us
well we are still welcome in north dakota and arizona#arizona smells funny
(cyborg voice) i can streamline any procedure except this thing you call "love"#(sympathetic sound) poor cyborganizer
homer sitting that close to the tv can not be good for you#talking while the tv's on can not be good for you
you should get your eyes checked i am taking bart to the mall to buy camping supplies  why do not you come along ?#(looks at marge) nah i want to enjoy this show before the network retools it
i love you daddy#(anguished wail) too late
we need something quick my husband's eyes are really shot#whee touch the sky maggie whee touch the sky
dad i have got maggie#(looks around) who said that ?
hey wake up#(confused wakingup sound) sorry
now read the first line#(reading) i 8 pp
(reading) i 8 pp#why you little
why you little#(grunts)
(choking sounds)#worse (grunts)
better or worse ?#much better
that pair is popular with celebrities like val kilmer#oo my favorite door
and yoko ono#(removes glasses) ew she ruined the plastic ono band
maybe you are a candidate for laser eye surgery#would it get me out of having to choose glasses ?
well yes but i must warn you it is an experimental procedure and we still do not know the longterm effects#(calling from other room) less yappin' more zappin'
wait you have gotta use these drops they prevent your eyes from crusting over#oh here we go with the add ons no thanks
(imitating marge) now homie when we get to the liquor store buy me some jack daniels and a carton of smokes#yes dear
perfect#hey we got a postcard from bart "dear mom and homer i am having fun" aw sounds like he is having fun
why does it have a picture of vitamin barn ?#did not you ever go to camp ? (fondly) the ol' vitamin barn
and you will be a dancer#look at you all sugar and spice instead of equations and test tubes
look at you all sugar and spice instead of equations and test tubes#you are daddy's precious dancing queen
and you look adorable#now honey what were you trying to say before we kept interrupting you with our loving proudness ?
but i just (off their stillproud faces fake enthusiasm) need more practice see ya#oh what is that awful sound ?
where is lisa ?#shh this plot is hard enough to follow as it is
there she is hi honey wow look at her go#yeah that pressure we put on her really paid off
stop clapping (outofcontrol sounds)#go lisa (to audience) c'mon everybody give it up for my little girl
oh thanks dad#i did not think i just acted
see honey ? all you needed was to believe in#(grabbing shoes) what are you talking about professor frink ? they are clearly in the "on" position (holds shoes up) see ? "on"
i was merely trying to spare the girl's feelings you insensitive clod#oh (getting it) ohhhhh well now that i look even closer
forget it dad (groans) i guess i am never gonna be your broadway baby#that is not true honey you can always write a depressing broadway play of some kind
sure it could be a story about people coming to terms with things#hey yeah you could load it up with lots of swears that is what david mamet does
uhoh it is out of its matrix nobody move#why ? it is just a cute little weasel (bending down to pick it up) hello there mister weasel
why ? it is just a cute little weasel (bending down to pick it up) hello there mister weasel#(pained scream) i am down
ooh and such delicate tissue paper (examines closely) zigzag ?#ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow
no knife games on the kitchen table#(grumbles) i did not hit your precious table
dad the bride and groom are supposed to cut the wedding cake#oh that is just superstition
oh you can fix little defects like that with gentle nagging make it part of the background noise of your relationship that is how i polished homer into the perfect (looks out window) homer no that is ice#(thicktongued humming)
becky what have i done here ? i am so sorry#(loud whisper) in about fifteen minutes i'd take off that wedding dress or you are gonna look crazy
becky i know you must feel awful but at least this did not happen after you were married#(gently) yes better now than when you are too old and fat to get another man
bart remember that talk we had about you volunteering our house ?#remember that talk we had about you not wrecking people's weddings ?
(guilty murmur)#it is settled the stranger stays with us
it is settled the stranger stays with us#(sings) chchchchanges / time to change the oil / yeah / changes / do not wanna be an oily man / (continues singing)
(less enthusiastic) actually that was becky too#what are these things in the mashed potatoes ?
(smug) well nobody's perfect let me just pick those out#no (then to becky husky) oh becky your potatoes are the best i have ever had
no (then to becky husky) oh becky your potatoes are the best i have ever had#(in heaven) oh god
(annoyed murmur) be right back#(cheerful) take your time
(homer moans) (bart) awww / (lisa) oh no#(sincerely) becky i think i speak for all of us when i say "when is the ice cream gonna get here ?"
and god said gather ye two of every flavor anoint them with 62 sauces whipped cream and nuts and ye shall call it "the ark"#(hyperventilating noises)
i am not insane#(calling after her) run marge run pump those crazy legs
should not we be out there trying to find her ?#do not worry she will show up here sooner or later to finish off becky (sweetly) then we will have mommy back
the kids are saying if you say bloody margie five times she will appear but then she gouges your eyes out#i heard she mates with men then eats them
oh well then i guess there is a reasonable explanation for everything (turns to becky accusing) except you cutting my brakes#oh about that uh  when i changed your oil i may have drained your brake fluid i did not say anything 'cause i thought you would be mad
mom#you monsters you have killed her
scrubbing and mopping#(to orderly) thank you
but behind the chortles this funny fivesome was trapped in a private hell#everybody wanted a piece of us
nobody told us how tough it is to raise kids they almost drove me to fortified wine#then we figured out we could park them in front of the tv that is how i was raised and i turned out tv
i'd see 'em sittin' on that couch all day long just starin' at that hollywood hogwash#our favorite show was "hollywood hogwash" but we also loved "the dreck squad"
"home improvement"#(dissatisfied) but we never saw people like us on tv
using his home as the studio and his family as the cast this penniless peckinpah shot a crude fiveminute video#"my funny family" take one (claps boards)
"my funny family" take one (claps boards)#aannnd action
aannnd action#honey i am home the boss is coming to dinner and i need a clean shirt
i have not done the laundry yet#mamma mia now i will have to do it
dad that is too much deterge#not now i am busy turning on this washing machine
simpson where is my dinner ?#mamma mia
okay the material was a little corny but homer and i had real chemistry onscreen#every day i thought about firing marge you know just to shake things up
homer did not fire marge but he did shake things up show business things#(annoyed grunt)
the simpsons had their foot in the door fox ordered thirteen episodes but would the public respond ?#mer okay
ruper#you are almost there
t#good
the funniest stuff came right out of real life#son let's go out for frosty chocolate milkshakes
(disgruntled) dad i have never said "cowabunga" in my life your script sucks#why you little
hey that is funny#and that horrible act of child abuse became one of our most beloved running gags
when we come back#i want to set the record straight (deliberately to camera) i thought the cop was a prostitute
ext buckingham palace  establishing  day)#hello mister lobster
hello mister lobster#(annoyed grunt)
the script originally called for me to jump the gorge but i'd been up all night paying people to kiss so dad volunteered to do the stunt#everything was goin' great at first i felt like i was king of the world
everything was goin' great at first i felt like i was king of the world#i am king of the world woo hoo woo hoo
i am king of the world woo hoo woo hoo#(pointing to screen) right about here i realize something's wrong
(pointing to screen) right about here i realize something's wrong#yep there i go (over footage) then came the rocks (on homer) jagged rocks hitting me with their jags
somehow homer became addicted to painkillers it was the only way he could perform the bonecracking physical comedy that made him a star#oh my leg this is the worst pain ever stop pummeling me (scream) it is really painful owww
oh my leg this is the worst pain ever stop pummeling me (scream) it is really painful owww#why did i take such punishment ? let's just say that fame was like a drug but what was even more like a drug was the drugs
the tax men were merciless#(distraught noise) hey they can not take our house my potbellied pig is in there
(distraught noise) hey they can not take our house my potbellied pig is in there#ohhhh mister porky
(cranky) dad i want to go to bed are not there child labor laws ?#who told you about those laws ? (pointedly) was it marge ?
(cheers)#(taking off head) helloooo iowa does anyone have a donut ?
something that swings with the beat of new orleans#no something that rocks that is the sound of today
swings#rocks
sadly this argument was not part of the act#(lunging at marge) i will kill you
oh that is it#hey hey stop it
(rapping) got a brother named billy / and my teeth look silly / break it down now#who are you i will get you
after the state fair fiasco none of the family were speaking to each other fox put the show on hiatus and replaced it with hidden camera footage from the dressing room at ann taylor#that slugfest at the state fair was really a blessing it gave us a chance to pursue solo projects i returned to my first love the legitimate theater
oh that must be our new landlord mr stingeley (rhymes with "cringelee")#(evil laugh then singing) where is the rent ? / i must have the rent / dollars dimes and nickels / i need them all right now
(evil laugh then singing) where is the rent ? / i must have the rent / dollars dimes and nickels / i need them all right now#i literally chewed the scenery
(shocked murmurs)#that is ridiculous how could i even get all five necessary drops into her cereal ?
that is ridiculous how could i even get all five necessary drops into her cereal ?#(defensive) what ?
int simpson house  dining room)#(uncomfortable beat then) so uh how is everybody doing ?
(gloria allred delivery) that is assault that is assault#it was the best thanksgiving ever i mean emotionally it was terrible but the turkey was so moist
thank you taco for that loving tribute to falco and now to present the award for "most violent rap group" homer simpson#hi
and marge simpson#what ? what is she doing here ?
(joining willie rhythmic clapping) hug hug hug hug (continuing)#(vain) yes go on
the simpsons' bitter past was forgotten and now the future looks brighter than ever for this northern kentucky family#we put all the craziness behind us and now it is time to get back to what matters the show and the sunday comic strip
so you know it is great#why you little
i can not believe it we won another contest#the simpsons are going to delaware
int editing room  continuous)#(confidentially) this'll be the last season
int simpson house  kitchen  morning)#hey who cut out beetle bailey ? i need my miss buxley fix
why do not you read "cathy" ? (shows hom "cathy" strip) she is hilarious#eh too much baggage (noticing) oo my horoscope taurus "today you will die"
what ?#(excited gasp) " and you may get a compliment from an attractive coworker" (hopeful gasp) lenny ?
maybe i'd better check mine (reads over her shoulder) "today your husband will die" (quickly realizing) homer i am scared#(mocking) ooo scary newspaper do not hurt me horoscope i am afraid of (short pained scream)
(mocking) ooo scary newspaper do not hurt me horoscope i am afraid of (short pained scream)#ow oooh paper cut paper cut
ow oooh paper cut paper cut#missed me (smugly) stupid horoscope
int car  day  a few minutes later)#(dismissive laugh) stupid horoscope
(dismissive laugh) stupid horoscope#(laughs) cloopid bloreapope
yeah it is quite fetching but uh are not you worried about the deadliness ?#nah he will get tired of biting in an hour or so (shaking head) snakes nature's quitters
int simpson house  dining room  later)#(gloating) that horoscope was baloney nothing happened except for the pick ax in my head the rattlesnake bite and the testicle thing what is for dessert ?
no dessert until you eat your broccoli#(whiny moan) fine
sure is easy when they are stiff like this (noticing the kids) and very sad#st peter woo hoo (shouting downward) got to heaven before you flanders (taunting sounds)
i would not celebrate so soon mr simpson i do not see a single good deed next to your name#(stalling) well the thing about that is
(stalling) well the thing about that is#(pained sound)
homer settle down i will give you a chance to get into heaven you have twentyfour hours to go back and do one good deed#i am sorry i did not get the number of hours or good deeds
i am sorry i did not get the number of hours or good deeds#(doppler falling sound)
ext kwikemart  day)#let's see good deed
(slipping and falling noise)# gotta find a good deed
 gotta find a good deed#bingo
(gasp) it is a miracle thank heavens#woo hoo
ext heaven's gate  continuous)#did you see that ? i did the deed open up
oh i am so sorry i wasn't looking#hey i thought you guys could see everything
no you are thinking of santa claus#well i will be damned
int hell  continuous)#(to satan spooky) i am hooomer siiimpsonnn
(spewing fire) silence sinner prepare for an eternity of horrible pain#oh no
haw haw#(girlish screams)
(annoyed moan) i just got over the plague#hello wife hello children
hello wife hello children#who is up for a merry jig ?
who is up for a merry jig ?#(breaking down) oh who am i kidding ? i am not merry
(breaking down) oh who am i kidding ? i am not merry#i lost my job as an oaf today
maybe you could be a dunce father#(brightening) really ?
hey#(selling) whaddaya think ? do you love it ?
(selling) whaddaya think ? do you love it ?#oh i am no dunce i was born an oaf and i will die an oaf
but husband without your weekly pittance how shall we feed our children ?#(resolute) do not worry no child will ever starve in my home
ext edge of forest  day)#so long kids (quickly) enjoy your new home (dusts hands then over shoulder) say hi to your other brother and sister
ext simpson pumpkin house  establishing  day)#boy dumping your kids in the forest sure gets your hands dusty
go back and get them#here's a better idea  i know how we can replace those children (bob hope growl)
ext enchanted forest  day)#(calling) son ? daughter ? i am ever so sorry
(startled noise)#mmm sugar walls
father i knew you would rescue us#oh rescue you stuff myself with candy it is all good
oh that is a loadbearing candy cane you clumsy oaf#(jolted sound)
(jolted sound)#(jolted sound)
(jolted sound)#(jolted sound)
(jolted sound)#oh that is all you got ? huh ? huh ?
oh that is all you got ? huh ? huh ?#(sniffing sounds) mmmm fish (then) oh no that is me (screams)
uh hello i am george cauldron is suzanne ready yet ?#(slyly) almost just give her another twenty minutes
speaking of which how about seconds ?#(chipper) comin' up
(chipper) comin' up#(grunts rapid lamazetype breathing then screams)
ext krusty burger  day)# two krusty shakes a donut burger with cheese and a partysize bucket of flan
(dolphin sounds)#yes i will have fries with that
yes i will have fries with that#(snort) anything to get out of work
(hinting) gray bottlenosed intelligent italians#(suspicious) intelligent italians ? something's wrong
those dolphins seem bent on mayhem we have gotta warn grampa#hmm (to family) phone's off the hook everything must be okay
(horrified gasp) that was you ?#it was her all right take the one who wronged you
(to carl) i i i tuned out where we goin' ?#wait stop we can outsmart those dolphins do not forget we invented computers leg warmers bendy straws peel n' eat shrimp the glory hole and the pudding cup i am not gonna let a few hoopjumping tunamunchers push me around
wait stop we can outsmart those dolphins do not forget we invented computers leg warmers bendy straws peel n' eat shrimp the glory hole and the pudding cup i am not gonna let a few hoopjumping tunamunchers push me around#uhoh
oh no you poor thing here#hey leave my daughter alone c'mon humans we have wiped out entire species before we can do it again
if i could just (door slam) this is really not (door slam) you are hurting my (door slam)#c'mon lads let's drive them back to the ocean
ext ocean  day)#hey you gotta hand it to those dolphins they just wanted it more
(funny pained sound)#television broken ?
no there is a badger in there#badger my ass it is probably milhouse
badger my ass it is probably milhouse#milhouse ? milhouse ?
milhouse ? milhouse ?#(pained screams)
(pained screams)#(looking at arm) it is a badger all right or possibly a griffin (beat) bart do you have any dynamite in your room ?
tons#get it
no dad we do not want to kill him let's call animal control#great idea then we should call the doctor about this
(confused) how did the badger do that without ripping your shirt ?#what am i a tailor ?
your call cannot be completed as dialed please make sure you have the correct area code#area code ? but it is a local call
the phone company ran out of numbers so they split the city into two area codes half the town keeps the old 636 area code and our half gets 939#(thunderstuck) 939 ? what the hell is that ? oh my life is ruined
geez you just have to remember three extra numbers#oh if only it were that easy marge
oh if only it were that easy marge#go away we have got bigger problems now
go away we have got bigger problems now#i am not gonna stand for this i am gonna call the newspapers the tv stations the gas stations everybody
i am not gonna stand for this i am gonna call the newspapers the tv stations the gas stations everybody#(distraught whimpering)
int power plant  lunchroom  day)#(upset) i hate this new area code like i do not have enough to remember already
(upset) i hate this new area code like i do not have enough to remember already#do not you miss the old 636 (checks palm) carl ?
i am not sure which one's better (pointing to keypad) the 6 is closer to the 3 so you have got convenience there but the 9 has less to do with satan which is a plus in this religious world of ours#what really burns me up is they did not give us one word of warning
do not forget the leaflets they dropped from the space shuttle and the two weeks we all spent at area code camp#(shaking his head rueful) not a single word of warning
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#(laughing) joan collins ? that girl sleeps with everybody
int simpson house  continuous)#(gasp) the who ? i love bands
 0 1 1 aaannnd 3#(gasp) that is my number
(chipper) ahoy hoy#hey that is not me
congratulations you are gonna rendezvous with the who#(moans) it is not fair i have been a fan of the who since the very beginning when they were the hillbilly bugger boys
you should call that radio station and let 'em have it#good idea
(laughs)#why you little
ext town hall  night  establishing)#how the hell did they find that out ?
 has been replaced by the convenience of two area codes#uh i have a question phoney
it is a movie dad#quiet honey daddy's asking the man a question
i like it#wait a minute we have not heard from me yet the nut with the dynamite (to crowd) the phone company is bamboozling you
(murmurs)#i accuse the phone company of making that film on purpose
(gasps)#now i am not one to make trouble but it seems to me that everyone who got to keep the old or "classic" 636 area code lives on the rich side of town
i never#and as usual we joe twelvepacks get the royal screw job
(angry agreement) / he is right / (groundskeeper willie) we are gettin' it but good#well i have had it you rich snobs are not pushin' us around anymore
what are you pathetic slobs gonna do about it ?#(unsure) well i
(unsure) well i#nice wiring bart
it worked on the testcorpse#okay plan b (dramatic) fellow 939'ers i say we break off and form our own city
viva la revolucin#now who is stupid ?
ext main street  day)#(admiring sign) there we are officially a city now we just sit back and wait for an nfl franchise
say i could not help but overhear i represent the arizona cardinals#keep walkin'
yeah maybe you oughta be mayor of new springfield#mayor eh ?
the mayor starring homer simpson#i reluctantly accept this highlypaid glamorous job
presenting our new plaque i say the time for bitterness has passed let us extend to our brothers in new springfield the olive branch of#new springfield rocks
(calling) go ahead and laugh we have a better town bird#oh yeah ? what is it ?
the bluebird#(quietly) damnit
more wheat cakes mr mayor ?#read my lips yes
dad you got syrup on your sash#no problem
if you ask me#stop right there
 it is stupid to divide the city over something as silly as an area code it would be like you and mom splitting up every time you have a fight#(sweetly) sweetie you know your mother and i only stay together for the sake of my political career
(angry) that is not true#big grins
big grins#that'll play great in the sticks
that'll play great in the sticks#(surprised) oh that was fifty already ?
as expected new springfield's bold experiment (mortise changes to guys on stoop) in slob rule (closeup of mortise) is a disaster#(excited) hey the tv man is talking about us
a study shows their crumbling economy is due to their lazy attitude and shoddy work#(loud moan)
scientists say they are also less attractive physically and while we speak in a welleducated manner they tend to use lowbrow expressions like "oh yeah ?" and "c'mere a minute"#oh yeah ? they think they are better than us huh ? bart c'mere a minute
you c'mere a minute#oh yeah ?
dad i do not think this is such a good idea#thank you marge now let's see how olde snobfield does without electricity
thank you marge now let's see how olde snobfield does without electricity#woo hoo
in retaliation for the power outage olde springfield patriots have intercepted a beer truck bound for new springfield and dumped all the beer in the river#those rich snobby indians
i do not know vengeance is pretty good#woo hoo flood from water
we can not go on fighting with olde springfield these people are our neighbors we see them every day#(stands) you are right we have got to block them from our sight with a giant wall
like the one in berlin ?#good idea we should call the guys they used
("not again") homer#(firm denial) it is ringing
ext main street  day  later)#and i'd like to thank low ball construction for building this amazing wall from ninety percent recycled materials
(playing with a yoyo) 'bout what ?#(emotional) loyal citizens of new springfield you stayed on my side of town despite a total lack of hospitals and schools and a sewage nightmare that threatens to consume us all
(mutters)#do not worry we have plenty of supplies to get through tomorrow and then a wave of disease should help to  hey
do not worry we have plenty of supplies to get through tomorrow and then a wave of disease should help to  hey#stop streaming over the wall at least wait till i am through talking
stop streaming over the wall at least wait till i am through talking#okay (consults notes) now as for food the following breeds of dog are edible
(panicked walla) (barney) bye homer#(groans then morose) i can not believe all those rats fled my town
(groans then morose) i can not believe all those rats fled my town#guess it is just us and the tumbleweeds
guess it is just us and the tumbleweeds#(defeated moan)
well dad you are mayor of a ghost town#(mutters then bitter) i can not believe those traitors abandoned us they could not take one lousy famine
dad you are bleeding#no problem
no problem#anyhow those rats'll come crawling back
anyhow those rats'll come crawling back#(over poster cocky) we have got the who playing here tonight
dad the arena's in olde springfield#(annoyed grunt)
do not give up dad maybe we can get the who to play here instead#hey maybe we could (sly) but we will need some liquid persuasion
hey maybe we could (sly) but we will need some liquid persuasion#c'mon bart we are gonna bring back the who
can i help you ?#uh
dad the chloroform#(quiet) huh ? oh right
(quiet) huh ? oh right#(to guard) i will give you this bottle of chloroform if you will take us to the who
(sarcastic) oh yeah right i got fired by the who whatever you say pal (cuckoo noise) wacko (etc)#wow the who
wow the who#woo rock 'n' roll
yeah we do not want to lose our pool privileges#whatever the point is i am homer simpson
(excited) the mayor of new springfield ?#(proud) that is right
the crazy mayor of new springfield ?#(even prouder) that is right and i implore you to move your concert to our town do not play olde springfield or as it is sometimes known sun city
sacred bond#c'mon what happened to the angry defiant who of "my generation" "will not get fooled again" and "mama's got a squeeze box" ?
we know our songs homer#but those olde springfield squares are just gonna make you cut your hair turn down your music and wear frilly shirts like keith partridge
just send a cab for us#somethin' wrong with your legs ?
(to homer) we were expecting a bigger crowd#oh do not worry they will be here soon and then they will see who is got the better town
oh do not worry they will be here soon and then they will see who is got the better town#now these are the tunes i want you boys to play
and we do not know "pacman fever"#oh c'mon it plays itself (grabs guitar and plays clumsily) "pacman fever / a do do do do / it is driving me crazy" look lisa daddy's in the who
give us back our concert simpson#(gloating) so new springfield's lookin' pretty good now is not it ? with our ample parking and daily who concerts
daily ?#we will talk
all right enough chit chat let's see how ya like flaming garbage#(taunting) haha you hit the tire fire you will have to do
(taunting) haha you hit the tire fire you will have to do#(screams) why me ?
uh says you#"magic bus"
okay we will play "magic bus" if you tear down this wall#"pinball wizard"
oh hell i will do it myself#well marge looks like your insane experiment is over
ext simpson house  backyard  day)#(chuckles) this watermelon will not know what hit it
hey we just took care of that dangerous melon that was threatening our garden#yeah we are heroes (bitter) but where is our parade ?
(annoyed murmur)#all right (reading) "open stuck drawer" allrighty
all right (reading) "open stuck drawer" allrighty#eh it is hopeless
or is it ?#(oblivious) yeah it is hopeless
i said (slyly) or is it ?#i said it is (understanding) ohhh
homer what are you doing ?#listen do you want the job done right or do you want it done fast ?
ooo baby#oh do not worry you will be sleeping in this beautiful new doghouse target date january 2007
int simpson house  lisa's room  a little later)#and now the grand finale (reading) "get lisa's jammed tape out of vcr"
and now the grand finale (reading) "get lisa's jammed tape out of vcr"#oop wait a minute
oop wait a minute#there
there#fire in the hole
fire in the hole#hmm it is gonna take a lot of fireworks to clean this place up
(shocked) what is going on here ?#uh honey there is a point in every father's life when he blows up his daughter's room
oh yeah ? you did not blow up maggie's room#oh lisa this must be a rough time for you do you have any friends or family you can stay with ?
(sadly) you have ruined all my stuff#oh come on tell us how we can make it up to you hey pretend it is your birthday
well the book festival starts today#anything at all you name it what do you want to do ?
ext springfield festival of books  city park  day)#stupid lisa
mmmm#(taking pastry) okay
(too big) whaaa ?#(chuckling) idiots
int simpson house  dining room  later that day)#dear lord bless this humble meal and did you hear about krusty ? whoa man i mean i knew he was a player but geez a kid ?
homer that is not a prayer that is gossip#fine i will just discuss heavenly matters (looking heavenward) so how is maude flanders doin' up there ? she playin' the field ? (pretends to hear something) ooh yeah really ? all those guys ? (off their horrified looks) amen
catch dad catch#(sweetly) okay that stings daddy's eyes honey
you know homer i have spent my whole life entertaining kids and i just realized i do not know the first thing about 'em#well i will not lie fatherhood is not easy like motherhood but i would not trade it for anything (then) except for some mag wheels oh man that would be sweet
dad dad#(not looking at her) just a second honey daddy's on his high horse
(screams) daaaad#(oblivious) yeah i am watching honey nice cannonball (to krusty) anyhoo the key to fathering is do not overthink 'cause overthinking is what were we talking about ? ooh a clown (laughs)
my little girl's sharp as a tack i tried the "got your nose" bit on her  did not fool her for a second#(glumly) my uncle still has my nose
foldorama#can we make this hand highlow ?
no#i fold
oh yeah right just let me go to my car#(singing) a weemaway a weemaway a weemaway a weemaway aweem
i am all for ethnic diversity but this is just pandering#(concerned) maybe so but dawson's gonna be bummed
oh krusty i am sure she just needs time to get used to you#marge may i play devil's advocate for a moment ?
int kwikemart  a little later)#(grunts) c'mon get in there
(grunts) c'mon get in there#(moans) stupid game (to krusty) now what were we talking about ?
my daughter's violin#oh right why do not we just break into fat tony's compound and get it back ?
(touched) really ? you would help me take on the mob ?#for a casual acquaintance like you ? absolutely
the cuomos the travoltas the lasordas the boyardees#this is perfect if i know fat tony which i do not he will be distracted by his hosting duties come on
int hallway  continuous)#that violin's gotta be around here somewhere
bingo#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed noise) (moans) it is gonna take forever to go through all these#i have a plan
int fat tony's house  bedroom  a little later)#well that did not work
then it is decided our website name will be crime dot org#i think we are in the clear
that is him that is the one homer simpson#i said i was sorry
oh all right / fair enough / he is a class act#sorry you are such jerks ha ha
sorry you are such jerks ha ha#ow that bullet went in
int simpson house  living room  a little later)#you want money ? get a job like your old man
(sincerely) well maybe i should#(bitterly) so now you are smarter than your old man eh ?
(shrugs) i guess#i like your attitude take what you need
ext springfield street  day)#(eyes darting) no of course not
(wagging her index finger at bart) do not you call me a#take that lisa's beliefs
oh how cute kids look who is on the roof#i knew this day would come the cows are taking back what is theirs
i can not believe how young he is he'd be cute if he weren't so idealistic#(excited) look marge i am in a limo (leans back) the simpsons are going to paris
(dreamy sigh)#boring
int simpson living room  continuous)#ah the luftwaffe the washington generals of the history channel
shut up#first comes love then comes um (blanking) dammit i know this
oh thank you thank you#have a good time at your hippie club
you are welcome to come too#no i like to save the environment in my own way
no i like to save the environment in my own way#mmm donuts
int simpson house  the next morning)#(complaining) sheesh look at these refugees how 'bout a smile ?
they have undergone terrible hardships#well moping will not make it better
mom dad there is something i have to do you are not gonna like it but i really believe it is the right thing#(worried) marge she is gonna narc on our stash
(back on branch calling) it is okay mom i have a safety line#this is your fault with your nonthreatening bobby shermanstyle good looks no girl could resist your charms
this was her choice mr simpson#(smitten) i am sorry i wasn't listening i was lost in your eyes
int simpson house  continuous)#you call that saying grace ?
int simpson living room  continuous)#oh no lisa's gone and nothing will bring her back (stroking chin) unless
dad i am not dead#oh praise god you are alive (stroking chin) unless
homer it is neddy i baked you a little something to ease the pain#oh must hide lisa
oh must hide lisa#(falsetto calling to ned) come iin
ext moe's  evening)#grieving father comin' through
homer ah booze is on the house seeing as how lisa is ah how do i put this uh ridin' the midnight train to slab city#thanks for the beer moe but before lisa died she made this tape that i think you should hear
(on tape) dear moe if anything should ever happen to me i want you to tear up my dad's tab (reluctantly) and pour cocktail onions dad i can not#(on tape through clenched teeth) read it
i am not dead and neither is my sense of moral outrage#(rolling eyes) oh here we go
(anguished cry)#nooo it was finger lingling good
just a cottonpickin' minute i have been getting a's since gymboree#(mildly annoyed) well what do you want a medal ?
you gave bart one#(mouthing to bart) love you
i just buckled down and studied#(chuckle) no really
(computerized) deadbeat deadbeat deadbeat#oh how embarrassing well let me just give you one of my many other valid
oh how embarrassing well let me just give you one of my many other valid#(to family) run
they are getting away / stop them marykay#(defiant) okay so we can not pay for your precious food what are you gonna do about it ?
(ending song) va la bamba / va la bamba#(pants then to owner) can we go now ?
no no your playing while technically proficient lacks passion#(petulant) fine you want passion ? i will give you passion
(petulant) fine you want passion ? i will give you passion#(rich baritone) blue spanish eyes / teardrops are falling from your spanish eyes
when did this happen ? when did we become the bottom rung of society ?#i think it was when that cold snap killed off all the hoboes
dad what happened to the back seat ?#i had to sell it for gas money
i had to sell it for gas money#which i spent on a novelty horn
maybe we should talk to a financial planner#financial panther eh ?
(haughty) mr simpson you are a dollar overdrawn#get him sheeba
get him sheeba#i am on board
(looking at file) well i see you have several mortgages credit card debt no savings and you are supporting your father ?#just give the word and i will cut him off
i could not ask you to do that#consider it done
based on these figures i am afraid you will need to declare bankruptcy (hits more keys) several times just look at this projection#(horrified sound) marge your posture looks terrible
mr simpson your intelligence profile indicates that you are too (air quotes) "stupid" to stick to a budget#(nodding sagely) yes go on
you need more money#but how do i get it ?
oh i concur (off their looks) wordaday calendar#i am just trying to work up the courage to ask burns for a raise or a highlypaid internship something to solve my money woes
hmmm what is this ? some kind of forcefield around these vegetables#that is the sneeze guard you have to lean under it to get salad or sneeze on stuff
(impressed sound) everything's so green and alive#mr burns i was wondering if i could get a raise
what kind of a raise ?#(uncertain) whopping ?
i see you have thirty seconds to wow me#(nervous) well sir you see sir i have worked here a long time and my wife has a game leg and my kids have game things as well
(annoyed sound) i do not want to hear your whining i am a bored and joyless old man give me a laugh#a laugh ? ( la standup comic) okay let's see what is in the news today ?
(impatient) oh for the love of (picks up a pudding) hurl this at that#at lenny ? but he is a war hero
well let's decorate him then#no
not even for (holds up bills) four dollars ?#okay
that was capital  my lung is aching#i liked when i threw the pudding
(holds up four more bills) do it again i will make it an even eight#you are the boss
let's keep the laughs coming eh simpson ? what say i make you my executive in charge of recreation  no no better yet my prank monkey#will you keep giving me money ?
i can not have my little monkey running around in rags#woo hoo
(looking in window) look at that comic book fellow calmly eating candy like a spaniard (to homer) time for monkey to shine#i'd like to buy a mint condition "spiderman number one" please
paper bag or triple mylar ?#uh no thanks i will just eat it here
oh that was uproarious firstrate job monkey#do i get paid now ?
oh where are my manners ? there#(pained grunt)
okay now#little help ?
little help ?#little help please ? (pathetic) i made a boomboom
the line in the lady's room is far too long and so i hope you do not mind if i (shocked gasp)#(to dowager) baby made a boomboom
here you go monkey#(chuckle)
(chuckle) there that is six years' worth of inoculations#here you are my good man and while you are at it throw in one of those polio shots
(impressed) oh yes sir#(clarifying) antipolio
homie where did you get that ball of money ?#(cagey) i have been doing some outside projects for mr burns
really ? like what ?#oh y'know business stuff downsizing esolutions the glass ceiling
crowd) look at their proud hopeful faces wait will they see that their rare chinese panda is nothing but a fat guy in a suit#well why do i have to do the lindy hop ?
well it looks like sim sim is a little frisky today so our trainers are gonna calm her down#(pained screams)
oh she is saying "i love you"#can not take the pain
hey there is our resident bull panda ping ping with any luck folks these two will become very very close if you know what i mean#huh ? help mr burns
(amused) hah you ain't goin' nowhere cutie#am i glad to see you guys you gotta call
am i glad to see you guys you gotta call#(disgusted moan)
dad ? ? the panda was you ?#(beat then dreamlike) did you see daddy dance ? they all saw me dance
so this is your mysterious new job for mr burns ?#yes (breaking down) i humiliate myself for fistfuls of cash (sobs)
oh dad you have to stop#i know
well done monkey that other panda gave some unexpected zazz to the festivities eh ?#maybe for you how come you did not rescue me ?
(chuckles) too busy trying to keep my sides from splitting  it is happened before (laughs remembering) monty say monkey do what could be better ?#well you could treat me with a little respect
oh shut up you tub of guts#you see that is what i am saying
(firm) not my dad#shhshh the grownups are talking honey
dad how can you put a price on your dignity ?#(firm) she is right yes i may be naked and reeking of panda love but i have got to stop this before it goes too far
take that back for nine hundred and three dollars#i retract my statement
daad#(pockets money to burns) i mean screw you
(pointed) a poor man#huh ? oh why did he have to say that extra thing ?
forget about him dad i am proud of you#aw thank you sweetheart (pulling cash out of pocket) but what should i do with this dirty illgotten money ? i better throw it in the garbage
well there is lots of needy kids out there#i see what you are saying  i need to buy a gun
no dad you could really brighten the holidays for those less fortunate#you are right it is time to rebuild my selfesteem
you are right it is time to rebuild my selfesteem#hey what happened to ?
int costington's toy department  continuous)#excuse me sir
(turning around frank nelson) yessss ?#i'd like to buy (gestures expansively) all these toys for some needy children is this enough dirty dirty money ?
why i do not think i have ever seen such generosity you are a modernday kris kringle sir#i am just tryin' to dig myself out of a pit of shame
say no more i had a bit of a shoesniffing problem myself (hangs his head) i am still not allowed on the third floor#it is okay
wanna rehearse dad ?#i do not need to rehearse (calling out) ho ho ho merry (blanking) line
christmas#(taking script skeptical) what ? lemme see that
ext beginning of parade route  continuous)#ho ho ho merry everyone
prepare to be boarded#what are you doing here ? i told you i am not your monkey anymore
ext parade route  santa claus float  continuous)#the answer is no mr burns not for any amount of money
not for one million dollars ?#(torn) oh so much money
(torn) oh so much money#but santa can not be evil
but santa can not be evil#but it is so much money
(disappointed) oh dad you sold your soul#not yet honey
what is going on ?#(proud) let's just say lisa gave me an early christmas present the gift of dignity
(laughs gleefully)#baby made a boomboom
ext power plant  day)#(calling) hey open up i have been standing here all morning
(concerned noise)#no one told me the plant was closed
did not you get the email ?#what is an email ?
or a quiet phone call#i do not have a computer
why not ? anything goes today#that does it i am getting a computer as soon as somebody lets me outta here
that does it i am getting a computer as soon as somebody lets me outta here#oh (sheepish chuckle) i am so stupid
ext computer store  establishing)#uh i guess i will take that one
hmmm well do you need a paperweight ? because if you buy that machine that is all you are gonna have is an expensive paperweight#well a paperweight would be nice but what i really need is a computer (pointing to next cheapest) how about that one ?
mmhm (shaking head) that technology is three months old only suckers buy out of date machines you are not a sucker are you sir ?#heavens no
oh good because if you were i would have to ask you to leave the store#i just need something to receive email
that is the same computer astronauts use to do their taxes#i was an astronaut
of course you were#five thousand dollars (indecisive sounds)
(gently) you only have ten seconds to decide sir#(one last big whimper then) this is the best computer in the world and always will be right ?
ext evergreen terrace  later)#(calling) hey lisa check out my new computer
dad you should not drag that around#(laughs not listening) that is right top of the line
(laughs not listening) that is right top of the line#(pained grunt) stupid pothole (rubbing head) do not worry head the computer will do our thinking now
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#oh yeah perfect now then
oh yeah perfect now then#(commanding) computer kill flanders
did i hear my name ? my ears are burnin'#(to computer) good start now finish the job
ah you are busy catch you later computater#(moan) $5000 for a computer and it can not handle a simple assignment
dad i will set up your computer why do not you and bart go play in the back yard ?#(tags bart) you are it
okay you are ready to go (holds up 3 x 5 card) i have written down the basic commands so that anyone can understand them#hmmmmm
homer bring that back in the house#(frustrated) fine
(frustrated) fine#ooh a dancing jesus (singing to jesus' dancing) dededededededede (shaking head in admiration) if there is a better use for the internet i have not found it
you have chosen no meaning you have committed a crime but do not want to confess a paddy wagon is now speeding to your home#hey
(selling) you have the right to remain fabulous#here it is everybody the world's greatest website
here it is everybody the world's greatest website#you would think all the noises would be annoying but they are not
i got suspended from school today#no kiddin' what do you think of my page lisa ? be honest it is great is not it ? go ahead and say it is great if you want to
i took a swing at a cop#they can not sue me if they do not know who i am i will just call myself (typing in new name) mr x
i am just mad all the time#yep you can not go wrong with mr x
mom wants you to come to bed#(staring at screen) i can not my web page has not gotten a single hit
(staring at screen) i can not my web page has not gotten a single hit#(to counter) come on
a joke an opinion an idea#that lousy pothole why do not they fix it ?
i heard mayor quimby spent the street repair fund on a secret swimming pool for himself#get out who told you that ?
nelson#hmm that is the kind of dirt that belongs on my web page
you can not post that on the internet you do not even know if it is true#nelson has never steered me wrong honey nelson is gold
you know it might've been jimbo#beautiful we have confirmation
good lord we have discovered the ruins of an ancient city (off their looks) okay you do better#i did it i changed the world now i know exactly how god feels
do you want turkey sausage or ham ?#bring me two of every animal
a new internet watchdog is creating a stir in springfield mr x if that is his real name has come up with a sensational scoop#darn tootin'
i am happy you got the potholes filled but it is still irresponsible to present rumors as facts maybe you should quit while you are ahead#no way mr x is gonna keep on digging and probing until every person in this town is in jail
eh who am i to point the finger ? (confiding) i once ran over a guy in a parking lot and dumped the body on a golf course#what a bombshell
the public should be warned i wish mr x were here#(sly) oh i do not know carl he might be closer than you think
are you him ? are you mr x ?#no
uh but you talked in that real sly voice (loud) hey hey everybody homer's mr x#i am not (sly) or am i ?
are you ?#no
well if mr x were here right now i'd buy him a tall frosty#(low) hey moe can you keep a secret ?
no#not even a little one ?
no#what if i just whisper it ?
no i tells ya#(disappointed moan)
ext power plant  establishing  day)#(singing) i have been sittin' on the toilet / all the livelong day
oh pshaw#i love spying
ohh do not worry about those fumes they will be sucked into that air vent#(soft irradiated sound)
int simpson house  living room  that night)#(typing) and who is selling the uranium to the terrorists ? (checks notes) montgomery burns (taps send key then smugly) now we wait
(struggling noises) let go of me i am innocent#whoa he is in trouble
unfortunately we do not know who he is so his cash award will be used to feed starving children#(agonized) nooo
(agonized) nooo#i am mr x (grabbing for pulitzer) gimme gimme
we will need some proof#(muffled taa daa)
he is mr x hah#(under hood) thank you folks and now i am off to expose more secret conspiracies and
(under hood) thank you folks and now i am off to expose more secret conspiracies and#(under hood) i bit my tongue
i am proud that you won the pulitzer#finally
but i do feel bad about the starving children#they are with god now
oh well that is good (realizing) oh#hey guys how is it goin' ?
hey guys how is it goin' ?#oh do not worry about the mr x thing (sitting down) i am just here for a beer
so hungry#(to self happily) i smell another pulitzer
int simpson house  living room  later)#(moan) nobody's visiting my web page anymore my counter is actually going down
well you can not post news if you do not have any#that is a great idea i will make up some news
(frustrated sigh) at least take off your pulitzer prize when you say that#let's see now "bulletin new race discovered living six inches under (thinking) denver"
(shaking head) oh dad#(keeps typing) all named 'morton' or 'mortonson'
hey mr x i got a tip for ya in science class they are dissecting frozen hoboes and i have the bindles to prove it#real news is great son but i am gettin' a thousand hits an hour with gradea bull plop
real news is great son but i am gettin' a thousand hits an hour with gradea bull plop#gimme a hundred lotto tickets apu because mr x is on a roll
gimme a hundred lotto tickets apu because mr x is on a roll#stop it apu you are scaring me
stop it apu you are scaring me#(scared moan) what is going on ?
(scared moan) what is going on ?#help i am being kidnapped
ext highway)#save me mr x (realizing) wait i am mr x (moans)
save me mr x (realizing) wait i am mr x (moans)#wuzzah ?
wuzzah ?#what the hell ?
what the hell ?#how did i get here ? what is this place ?
(oddly stiff) this is the island#how do i get outta here ?
oh no one leaves the island#so i am a prisoner ? how come ?
because you know something#but i do not know anything at least i do not think i do
(tipping hat) see you tomorrow#no you will not
int phone booth  continuous)#(into phone rapidly) hello operator ? i'd like to report a really weird island please send lots of rescue copters to
(into phone rapidly) hello operator ? i'd like to report a really weird island please send lots of rescue copters to#(woozy sounds) all right whatever
i am number 15 what number are you ?#(defiant) i am not a number i am a man and do not you ever (notices his own badge quickly) oh wait i am number 5 (then cocky) ha ha in your face number 6
(dryly) yes well done#(scanning room) who are all these oddballs ?
well they keep us here because we know too much (indicates a female prisoner) number 27 there knows how to turn water into gasoline number 12 knows the deadly secret behind tictacs and i invented the bottomless peanut bag#wow
wow#so who brought us here ?
i do not know#did you bring us here ?
(scolding) uh the shoes are part of the uniform#(ruefully) oh they drugged the tea they knew my one weakness
hello number 5 how is every little thing ?#who are you and why are you holding me here ? i want answers now or i want them eventually
ow please do not do that#sorry
i will be blunt your web page has stumbled upon our secret plan#that is impossible all my stories are bull plop (pauses) bull plop
oh do not be cute i am referring to the flu shot expos you see we are the ones loading them with mindcontrolling additives#but why ?
to drive people into a frenzy of shopping that is why flu shots are given just before christmas#of course it is so simple wait no it is not it is needlessly complicated
(proudly) yes it is and we can not have you out there mucking it up now can we ?#(glumly) no sir
there is a good boy let's get you some ice cream there you are#look you can drug me all you want but my family will not rest till they find my drugbloated corpse
(archly) i would not count on that number 5 as far as your family knows homer simpson is walking in the front door (checks watch) right about now#i am sorry what ?
ext island  later)#(moans)
i am a new tie wearing#i am tired of being drugged and gagged there is gotta be a way to escaped
psst#huh ?
ext waters around island  later)#oh no an antiescape orb
oh no an antiescape orb#huh that was easy
ext simpson house  day)#what a horrible four months now to warn everybody
what a horrible four months now to warn everybody#(typing) attention some crazy creeps on an island somewhere are secretly running the world
some crazy creeps on an island somewhere are secretly running the world#hey
sorry old chap but you are proving quite the caterpillar in our buttermilk#huh ?
(brusquely) we are shutting you down#not a chance no one can silence me but me
that arranged can be#(seeing his double) whuh ?
yes fight and struggle#(getting idea) if i know me he will not like being kicked in the crotch
(getting idea) if i know me he will not like being kicked in the crotch#oh marge it is me the real homer
computer) can i turn this off ?#absolutely
the dog thinks so too#(laughing) the dog thinks so
(laughing) the dog thinks so#(woozy) bad dog
once you get used to the druggings this is not a bad place#(totally sold) oh it is wonderful
(totally sold) oh it is wonderful#truly god's country
truly god's country#(creepily) see you on the island
welcome to the magic palace#okay you can park my car but no joyriding
okay you can park my car but no joyriding#(suspicious) wait a minute
(concentrating) i am receiving a drink order something foamy is it a beeee ?#beer yes how did you know ?
do not worry marge you will not feel a thing (wickedly) you will feel four things#he is very good
(delighted cheering)#so she was made of chimps
(reading box) "ages 8 to 80" (thinks) hmm (then) that is me dad will you get me this magic kit ?#gee i wish i could son but we have already left the gift shop
gee i wish i could son but we have already left the gift shop#(annoyed grunt)
(screams)#what the hell is that ?
hmmm (wiseguy voice lifts fish) well there is your problem#i know that how much to fix it ?
ooh well ah that is a foreign fish we are lookin' at so uh sixtyfive hundred (beat) plus threefifty#(moans) i can not afford that
maybe i can make some money dad my magic act is really coming along#(laughs amused) he could not breathe
ext squid port  that evening)#step right up see the magic boy witness mystifying feats that will leave you scratching your head until it is raw and bloody
oh my goodness#(holds out hat) come on pony up flanders the kid's not turning tricks for nothin'
oh no i could never support the black arts#black arts ?
(michael jacksonish) hey you guys you are in our spot#(terrified gasp) okay we will move we do not want any trouble fellas
dad only one of them is real#(still scared) i know but which one ?
(still scared) i know but which one ?#sixty cents ? i would've made more if i'd gone into work today
hey do not blame me i gotta compete with tv and the internet#a good son would come through for his dad
yeah and a good dad would not miss his son's little league games#i told you i find them boring
well i showed up for all your stupid interventions#(stung) oh that is it you can walk home
ext springfield street  later)#(stewing) stupid nonmagical son can not pay to fix my car
(calling out window) hey homer check it out#what the ?
int simpson house  kitchen  night)#(surprised) is that a steak ?
(casual) yeah i know a little place#(picking up top hat) who gave you all this money ?
(nonchalant noise) people (shrugs) i guess they thought i was a charity case#(intrigued) really hey maybe we could do that again can you look even more pathetic ?
(intrigued) really hey maybe we could do that again can you look even more pathetic ?#oh ho ho that is beautiful we could make a fortune
but would not that make us con artists ?#well yeah but god conned me out of sixtyfive hundred bucks in car repairs
(rationalizing) so in a way we'd just be balancing out the universe#there ya go we'd be stealing from people we know it is just like the seasons
sounds good (points to plate) wanna eat my fat ?#i think you know the answer to that
this book has all the classic cons there is "the pigeon drop" "the ear wigger" "the brillstein grab"#they have any fatherandson grifts ?
well there is the "albany ham scam"#interesting
what are you doing ? why are you frosting that old throw pillow ?#i could ask you the very same question
(frustrated sigh) should i just back out of the room ?#would you ?
okay dad ready for our first con ?#you bet let's trim the mark
nice use of the lingo homer#tenfour kemosabe
a storm is coming#(to bart) what have you done you clumsy little ox ? (gasps) that cake was for your deaf sister
sir it was my fault#no no do not protect him (to bart) you will work off that cake in the acid mines
no no no (pulling out money) i will pay for the cake#(shrugs) well you are the mark
(shrugs) well you are the mark#(covering)  of integrity
wow look at all this loot (holds up bill) what should we buy first ?#a singing rubber fish of course
there you are how was the magic act ?#(totally confused) what in the hell are you talking about ?
(totally confused) what in the hell are you talking about ?#oh right the magic the magic was great it is really (at a loss for words) the way to go
(mystical arm flourish) or so it would seem#suckers
(oblivious) i just gotta get him back (coyly) or if not him a similar dog#(calling) dog for sale
(calling) dog for sale#dog for sale
how much for the dog ?#oh he is not for sale
(confounded noise)#although if the right offer came along
ext high pressure tire sales  day)#here's for the repairs and a little extra for you
dad ?#(pleasantly) yes son ?
why are we still grifting ? the car's paid for does not that balance out the universe ?#in a way but i also remembered some other stuff like my bike that was stolen in third grade plus the baldness
okay i am sold#hello is the lady of the house in ?
(aghast) oh no homer remember ? maudie got called up to heaven#oh of course of course it is just that
what ?#well before she died she ordered this bible especially for you
(gasps moved) why there is my name in gold#(awkward) now you weren't home so we had to pay the delivery man
int treehouse  a minute later)#we will be safe here
amateurs#dad ?
that is right#how'd you get wise to us ?
yeah in the depression you had to grift either that or work#so what is the pitch old man ?
ext bushes  day)#(gasps then melodramatic) oh my god
oh why not ? if we do not take their money they will just give it to some televangelist#let's dust a few fossils
ext springfield retirement castle  later)#which one of you youngsters is abe simpson ?
i am abe simpson#you have just won 10 million dollars from that publisher's clearydealie
(dancing around) yeah i am gonna get me the craziest strippiest (choking sounds)#he is dead
(lowering camera) oh this is terrible now who do we give the money to ?#(arch) i guess we will just have to haul the check back to headquarters too bad we could not just give it to these nice folks
forget it ed do you know what it costs to sign over a check this big ? why the wealth transfer fee would run at least a hundred dollars a head#you are right we'd better just take this check back for shredding
ext retirement castle  porch  continuous)#thank you no shoving that is right put your money in here all of it (after last one) is that everyone ?
thank you no shoving that is right put your money in here all of it (after last one) is that everyone ?#what is your problem sport ? afraid to be rich ?
(younger voice) fbi (flashes badge)#(startled noise)
call me mint jelly 'cause i am on the lam#(beat then recapping) so we are under arrest for fraud ?
well this is about the flashiest car i have ever impounded#thanks woo it took a lotta grifting
please fbi man do not throw us in jail we just made one mistake#yeah we are not criminals we are just two crazy mixedup kids
(sighs) hmm okay tell you what i will let you turn yourselves in maybe they will go easier on you#you would do that for us ?
well i did ruin the boy's birthday cake go on in (sharply) but i will be watching#okay thank you sir
ext police station  entrance)#(loud whisper) do not worry son i have an idea
(loud whisper) do not worry son i have an idea#chief i'd like to scare my son straight could i show him a jail cell ?
(calling) okay we are all locked up now#yeah (under breath) ya big idiot
(calling pleasantly) excellent i guess i will just be swiping your car now#(confused sound)
(looking at badge) that is not an fbi badge#(grabs badge) colgate cavity patrol ? (moans)
(realizing) that guy was a grifter#yeah he conned us good well at least we still have our jobs at the sweepstakes place
yeah he conned us good well at least we still have our jobs at the sweepstakes place#what ?
it is ten in the morning#(shakes head) lies got us into this mess son from now on it is honesty all the way
you were carjacked in the church parking lot ?#absolutely we had stopped in for a quick prayer when bart would you call him a crazy man ?
what did he look like ?#well hmm let's see he was foreign and he had some
anything else ?#uh well he seemed like a loner kept to himself mostly
(upset) oh dear we do not want that#anyhoo the whole nightmare has really made us sleepy (quick yawn) let's hit the hay
homie homie wake up they have captured your crazed foreign carjacker#(groggy) huh ? but that is impossible
i didna do it i tell ya#(tugging collar nervously) uhoh
what do you care loner ?#(uneasy laugh) well look at that but who called the police ?
dad willie got arrested 'cause of us#(covering) 'course he did son he is a filthy crook now let's all hit the hay
(covering) 'course he did son he is a filthy crook now let's all hit the hay#i guess you have not heard of chloroform
(sotto) dad we have got to tell everyone the truth#(sotto) let's see how this plays out
mr simpson could you describe your assailant to the court ?#i told you my memory is fuzzy fuzzy
(shocked gasps)#yes exactly no no i mean the whole incident is hazy
(shocked gasps)#yes exactly
(impressed murmurs)#(realizing moan)
(realizing moan)#hey ? mountain dew ? (moans)
dad tell them#(coolly) when the time is right
daaad#let's see where he is going with this
willie as your employer i insist that you (cry of pain)#stop this has gone on just long enough
stop this has gone on just long enough#(coming clean) nobody carjacked me i tried to pull a con and got conned myself and then i lied to you all (sobs then) so did bart (resumes sobbing)
wait a minute this whole thing was a setup ?#but skinner got shot
yeah we hornswoggled you good#but what about the guy who took my car ?
he is doing "dreamcoat" at the dinner theater#(mind reeling) i can not believe everyone was in on it
(irate) willie wasn't#wait a minute you are telling me the police force the tv news a courthouse full of people and a popular entertainer had nothing better to do than to teach me and bart a lesson ?
well i am gonna take the broncos in this game 'cause the packers will be blinded by jerry's tie#heh heh heh tremendous
(clears throat) well folks he is got a point uh with all our unscripted horseplay we sometimes do not think about#(gossipy) lenny are you watching this ?
(through phone) yeah they really hurt that guy's feelings#(listens) i know
ready for the circus homer ?#circus ?
the cirque de pure we have had tickets since septembre#but i wanna watch bret favre ("favruh")
(raucous laughter)#(moans) i missed one of jerry's zingers now i will never catch up
finally a circus full of whimsy and wonder#oh yeah that is way better than fun and excitement
(reading program happily) as french canadians they do not believe in refunds or exploiting animals for entertainment#(disappointed moan) i wanted to see 'em fire a gorilla out of a cannon
(french accent) enjoy the show for one day we shall die#(disappointed groan)
(standing up french accent) but i cannot help you i am just a local merchant from uh this town#(calling) just smash it open
it is hauntingly beautiful is not it ?#(scared whimpers)
mesdames et messieurs it appears the cloud goddess is ripe with rain babies we must run for our trucks#(stands calling) oh no you do not i paid full price for this freak show now nourish the child within me (shakes fist menacing) nourish
lenny says we have got the day off yippee#one snow angel comin' up
one snow angel comin' up#ahh why does that always happen ?
ext school bus  a little later)#(screams of terror)
(screams of terror)#(looking out window) man  everyone has a snow day but us
this is terrible how will the kids get home ?#i 'unno internet ?
well i am all for rescuing the kids but i wish you hadn't sawed off my roof#my car your roof it is only fair
but it is my car#(amiably) well yeah
sure you did  "mr plow" you are wearin' the jacket right now#i think i know my own life ned
i think i know my own life ned#(sings softly to self) call mr plow / that is my name / that name again is / mr plow
oh i think we hit something#i hope it is flanders (laughs then notices flanders there) i am just kidding (rodney dangerfield) hey you are all right
int flanders car  continuous)#(singing bad company song)  i feel like makin' love / makin' love to you / do do dooo / do do dooo
catchy song all right you really wrote it ?#yeah as a tribute to princess di and dodi because these days princesses
well better turn off that engine before those fumes put us in tombs#wait let's just leave it on till we forget our troubles
ext springfield street  day)#(delighted) marvelous marvelous (suddenly bored) enough i grow weary of your sexually suggestive dancing
(delighted) marvelous marvelous (suddenly bored) enough i grow weary of your sexually suggestive dancing#bring me my ranchdressing hose (claps hands twice)
homer wake up the car's filling with#i know ranch dressing
i know ranch dressing#a hamster ball
(gasps) just like the one that saved ezekiel (breathes fresh air)#we are free (looks down at hamster) and we have got something to eat
we are free (looks down at hamster) and we have got something to eat#woo hoo
now let's go save those kids#you are the camel
you are the camel#hey this car's got cruise control
hey this car's got cruise control#(calmly) school please
(gasps) we are gonna crash#do you have airbags ?
gotcha#c'mon kids let's leave this awful place and never come back
and the exhaust pipe is leaking#whuh ?
(bart voice) ignore her effendi we have each other#oh baby
(concerned noise)#no use struggling my beloved chalamela
int convention center  a little later)#animation is so great it is way better than whatever the alternative is
(long laugh which turns into smokers' cough)#wait a minute was that cat making out with that mouse ? (grimly) 'cause if they were
folks you are about to witness the exciting new process of motioncapture animation#pick me pick me
now when we activate the suite our furry friend (points to cartoon dog) will copy you exactly#(singing) i am a little teapot / short and stout / here is my handle / here is my spout
int power plant  cafeteria  next day)#that motioncapture suit is just what this country needs just think of all the hilarious motions that are going uncaptured (demonstrating) like this
that motioncapture suit is just what this country needs just think of all the hilarious motions that are going uncaptured (demonstrating) like this#see ? now would not you love to see that move performed by a cartoon possum ?
that would be the world's funniest marsupial#you are right that suit gizmo could be worth billions and i am gonna get a piece of the action
int springfield national bank  day)#i'd like to withdraw my life savings please and hurry
uh sir this is a joint account uh you will need your wife's signature too#oh yes of course uh she is behind that plant
oh yes of course uh she is behind that plant#(behind plant) hello marge (imitating marge) hi homie (as homer) sign this please ? (as marge) you are the boss (as lisa) daddy ask the man for some candy (as homer) no no no candy for you (as lisa) then at least get some candy for yourself
(behind plant) hello marge (imitating marge) hi homie (as homer) sign this please ? (as marge) you are the boss (as lisa) daddy ask the man for some candy (as homer) no no no candy for you (as lisa) then at least get some candy for yourself#(laughs) kids
here's your candy#so long sucker
(waving cash calling) uh sir ? your life savings#(covering businesslike) uh yes i see that it is in bill form excellent
int springfield mall  later that day)#i'd like to buy 500 shares of "animotion incorporated"
okay uh now before i execute this order are you sure you understand the risks of stock ownership ?#absolutely
(roar)#you heard the monkey  make the trade
(on phone) for automated stock prices please state the company name#(into phone) animotion
(on phone) animotion up one and onehalf#(happy) yahoo
(on phone) yahoo up six and a quarter#(confused) huh ? what is this crap ?
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#(to stock) sleep tight my beloved you are my ticket out of this hellhole
homer#sorry our ticket out of this hellhole
turning to the stock market animotion is up an eighth#yes
 after plunging seventyfive points this morning#(nervous) oh i hope "plunging" means "up" and "seventyfive" means "two hundred"
the firm declared superduper bankruptcy which is terrible news for the company's only stockholder homer simpson#(moans)
int simpson dining room  continuous)#family meeting family meeting
family meeting family meeting#okay people let's keep this short we all want to get home to our families
(polite chuckles)#all right first item i lost our life savings in the stock market now let's move on to the real issue lisa's hogging of the maple syrup
burn burn burn#point of order i did not lose all the money there was enough left for this cowbell
i did not lose all the money there was enough left for this cowbell#damn you ebay
ext simpson house  night)#i have a great way to solve our money woes you rent your womb to a rich childless couple if you agree signify by getting indignant
are you crazy ? i am not going to be a surrogate mother#c'mon marge we are a team it is uterus not uteryou
you know homer i got a great way to make money  i am a human guinea pig#you mean like medical testing ?
(satisfied) oh oh right okay#yeah but are not those experiments dangerous ?
(winces and covers his chest) ow not so loud#hmmmm
first we will test this experimental perfume on you#it burns it burns (agonized screams)
(into microphone) homer you really have no desire to eat that food ?#(confused) food ? (then realizing) (panicky noises) i am blind
int research institute  another area  day)#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(annoyed grunt)
he must've brought it in with him#dammit
mr simpson i am afraid you have a crayon lodged in your brain#there is a crayon in my brain ?
there is a crayon in my brain ?#but i have had thousands of head xrays how come no one ever noticed it before ?
do you have any idea how this might have happened ?#well i am not sure but it mighta happened when i was six
mr simpson this could be responsible for your subnormal intelligence#(offended) hey i came here to be drugged electrocuted and probed not insulted
we could remove the crayon for you it could vastly increase your brain power or it could possibly kill you#hmmm increase my killing power eh ? (deadly grin) let's do it
oh homer where have you been ?#i just underwent a procedure to increase my iq fifty points
really ?#(re clothes) and they gave me this spiffy nerd ensemble too
do you feel smarter ?#is the capital of north dakota bismarck ?
i do not believe it say something else smart#dr joyce brothers may be well known but her psychological credentials are highly suspect
(gasps)#now who is up for a trip to the library tomorrow ? notice i no longer say "liberry" or "tomorry"
i'd love to go to the library with you#it is a date
(impressed) dad did you read all these books today ?#everything from hop on pop to death be not proud (sadly) it is so tragic the way they hopped on pop
i always dreamed you would be my library buddy#(amused) get out
that sonata may not be a glenn gould performance but i must say it is "good as gould"#(sophisticated laugh)
ext flanders house  day)#hey flanders headin' for church ? well i thought i could save you a little time
oooh found a new short cut ?#better i was working on a flat tax proposal and i accidentally proved there is no god
welcome to the third lecture in our series on "not putting things up your nose" please welcome homer simpson#i am here to give hope to the least of you because we all have a crayon up our nose maybe it is not a crayon made of wax maybe it is a crayon made of prejudice
question#yes nelson ?
(under breath fast) a moron says what ?#not being a moron i would not know however (mumbles incoherently)
wake up homer#(triumphantly) ladies and gentlemen i give you your moron
haw haw#you see ? it is cool to be smart
you see ? it is cool to be smart#so be like me and use your minds paint a painting sing a song and dance a dance
whatcha mailin' homer ?#i have compiled a thorough safety report on this plant
how come you are not giving it to mr burns ?#i have decided to disintermediate the local authorities and send it straight to the nuclear regulatory commission
yeah it is nice to have someone with brains in this nuclear plant (to lenny) homer's the guy who rigged up my pants with this special codpiece#comfy is not it ?
i can not feed my family with a codpiece#wait you can not hate me i am your better (calling) your better
burn burn burn#effigy eh ? yeah nothing burns like an effigy (dawning) hey that is me
effigy eh ? yeah nothing burns like an effigy (dawning) hey that is me#stop that the fire inspector would be appalled
do not tell me how to feel#so you all hate me ?
you ain't welcome here no more smart boy#hmm i am detecting a distinct strain of antiintellectualism in this tavern
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#lisa why did not you warn me ? being a brain has alienated me from all my friends
i make a lot of graphs#well what gets you through the day ?
tai chi chai tea but i find when i can not keep the unhappy thoughts from swirling in my brain the best thing is usually a nice long walk#a walk ? that is a really good idea
(hokey) is that your final answer ?#(to self) i do not understand that wasn't funny
wait a minute somebody's not laughing here (scanning audience) it is him#hey do not blame me this movie is tired and predictable you know she is gonna wind up marrying richard gere
 ably played by bill paxton#it is bill pullman you fool
point out your plot holes elsewhere#(plaintively to skies) is there no place for the man with a 105 iq ?
ext research institute  later that night)#i am a spaulding gray in a rick dees world change me back to the blissful boob i was
i am sorry we do not play god here#that is ridiculous you do nothing but play god and i think your octoparrot would agree
look what if we gave you the name of an unlicensed surgeon ?#(grateful) oh that would be heaven
(grateful) oh that would be heaven#(reading card) moe szyslak ?
so whaddaya want here ? uh appendectomy lipo or (excited selling) the "sampler" ? that is very popular#(dramatically) i want you to stick this crayon into my brain
all right tell me when i hit the sweet spot#deeper you pusillanimous pilsnerpusher
all right all right#(inanely) deefense (grunts twice) deefense (grunts twice)
(almost there) that is pretty dumb but uh#extended warranty ? how can i lose ?
sweetheart a missing crayon could be anywhere#who wants lottery tickets ? (waves fistfuls)
dad how could you ? we were connecting in such a meaningful way#we were what what in a what what ?
(sighs)#yeah which reminds me i need a sandwich
hey what is this ?#the wrestler ?
the wrestler ?#i'unno must be sumpin' i wrote before moe fixed me
oh dad#huh ? (then realizing) oh you want a hug well that i know how to do
(contented sigh)#(chomping sound) mmm hug
(gasps) oh no#whuzzit (noticing) my juice box (moans)
sorry homie but you promised to take me to the apron expo today#(crawling back into bed) just give me ten more hours
c'mon you and the kids always wanna do fun stuff but today we are doing something i like#("let me sleep" moan)
(holds up flier selling) they are unveiling a combination apron/smock it is called a "smapron"#did you say "smockron" ?
no "smapron"#(disappointed) oh
int homer's car  later)#man that was a good apron expo
and this lead apron will keep me safe downstairs#heh heh "grill power"
i am a little disappointed there were too many aprons#it was great all right but all i wanna do right now is hit the adjustable sack with a good juice box because when all is said and done (sees something big) prison rodeo ?
ext prison  continuous)#today
somebody help him#relax they have got rodeo clowns
(waving arms) hey hey over here here bully bully bully bully bully#that is not gonna do it marge you need something red
that is not gonna do it marge you need something red#hey toro here's something to gore
daad#not now honey daddy's busy
not now honey daddy's busy#(confident) now for a little calming blue
(confident) now for a little calming blue#(panicky) hey where is your blue shirt ?
how is your back homie ?#(miserable) i can not complain
naw that is for the prisoners you can complain all you want#(yelling) oh god my back it hurts so much and my job is so unfulfilling
try to focus on something else umm you like jimi hendrix right ?#(babyish) uhhuh
wow the artist really captured jimi's passion and intensity#and his fondness for the guitar
look he painted a unicorn in outer space i am askin' you what is it breathin' ?#air ?
ain't no air in space#there is an air in space museum
ext prison gate  a minute later)#(on ground) oh god my back
(sitting down) how is your back dad ?#well there is a dull ache certainly and overlaid on that is a club sandwich of pain only instead of bacon there is agony marge can i have a blt ?
well there is a dull ache certainly and overlaid on that is a club sandwich of pain only instead of bacon there is agony marge can i have a blt ?#what are you looking at ?
oh nothing (turning back to homer) how would you feel if i did some volunteer work at the prison ?#first i'd feel like having a blt then proud of you
oh homie i knew you would support me#(grabbing back pained moan) my back
(whistles) your spine is more twisted than sinbad's take on marriage (chuckles)#so ? just gimme some drugs and surgery
oh i'd love to but ah to be honest modern medicine has a lousy record of treating the back we spend too much time on the front#yeah there is some neat stuff on the front
i am gonna send you to my chiropractor#hey i thought real doctors hated chiropractors
hello homer i am doctor steve please lie down#(quickly waking) less yakkin' more crackin'
(proudly) there we go#hey it feels a little better
honestly it would not bother me#(chanting) one two betternotsue
(chuckles) i am just yankin' your chain (laughs) i am jewish#ow owww my back dr steve did not do anything
did you do those exercises he gave you ?#(sarcastic) yeah right i did 'em while you were studying
(sarcastic) yeah right i did 'em while you were studying#(highfive noise then pained moan)
are you okay ?#(gingerly feeling back) yeah in fact
(gingerly feeling back) yeah in fact#i feel fantastic
that trash can must have unkinked your back#not "trash can" son (growing excitement) dr homer's miracle spineocylinder (pokes bart in chest) patent pending
okay okay#and as you can see the unique dents in my invention perfectly match the contours of the human vertebrains
and as you can see the unique dents in my invention perfectly match the contours of the human vertebrains#(pointedly) patent pending patent pending patent pending (pointing to jack) hey who is this guy ?
(awkwardly) you remember jack he is that talented painter who had a little brush with the law#(stunned) you brought a convict to live here near my unpatented idea ?
so homer you think you can fix my sciatica ?#hmm i do not know what that is so i am gonna say yes now go limp
hey it worked my searing leg pain is now a gentle numbness#next
simpson you are not a licensed chiropractor and you are stealing patients from me and dr steffi#boy talk about irony the ama tries to drive you guys out of business now you are doing the same to me (shaking head) think about the irony
you have been warned stop chiropracting#(strangled voice) not unless you think about the irony
careful i am frail#okay that should do it moe
is this el clnico magnfico ?#ah you saw our bus ad
we'd uh like to invest in your spinal adjustment device#(coolly) we might be able to do business
(coolly) we might be able to do business#(stifled squeal of triumph)
we will need to take some photographs#hey where're you going with that ?
whooaa#(to moe) wait a minute no investor could bend like that
c'mon c'mon let's go#nooo my spineocylinder
nooo my spineocylinder#they will pay for what they did to my can
(taking box from lisa) hey dad bet you five bucks you can not eat the whole box#five ? why do not we make it fifty ?
five ? why do not we make it fifty ?#(to bart cocky) you are gonna regret this
(resigned) i will call poison control (dials) fran it is me just a headsup#wow (sniffing) the absorbed odors of a million meals
(excited) you said it partner#(overwhelmed by tastes) so many flavors all those tasty memories flooding back (orgasmic sounds)
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#son i know it hurts i still remember my first lifetime banning
and you are banned for life from all of my performances and tv specials#i can still see your movies right ?
i can still see your movies right ?#(cries then) and i never saw gallagher again
(reading paper) ooh it says here that special effects whiz tom savini is gonna be appearing at the comic book store tonight#tom savini ?
(moans) i can not believe i am gonna miss that#(slyly) do not worry your spiky little head i have got it all planned out
how could you have it planned out ? you just heard about the problem#you are right gimme a minute hmmm
get him#for once in my life i am tall do not take that away from me
for once in my life i am tall do not take that away from me#(stagy) hello i am shaquille o'neal let us in please
(to bart and milhouse) you two are not welcome#sorry son
thanks for the tipoff#no problem
good evening (rubs stomach moan of discomfort) sorry ii had a really big dinner#woo dinner
sure computer technology is here to stay (crosses legs) but there'll always be a place for the practical special effects wizard#i love the theater
ext street  night)#now when you have got a bum ticker like we do you need all the friends you can get and moe's is the friendliest place in the rum district
hey homer who is the manatee ?#aw now be nice moe this guy just got out of the hospital
uh piece o' crap#(to comic book guy) c'mon you are here to make friends
so many restaurants#(moans) i can not decide (raises arms) i throw myself on the mercy of the food court
(to turbaned clerk) umm i guess i will i will have the chicken tandoori#and i will have the beef wellington
int simpson house  master bathroom  day)#(short highpitched scream)
(short highpitched scream)#(short lowpitched scream)
(bigger chuckle) cool#(screams "mary had a little lamb")
with pleasure#(screams beethoven's fifth symphony)
(on a roll) you know what else scares me ? everything#(anxious re plates) get that one faster you got half time for the other ones oh good oh no that one's slowing up oh good oh that one's wobbling oh up you got that before i even said it
oh#hey let's get this down to the funeral home before they try to back out
hmm well this autopsy coupon appears to be valid what other funerary services may we provide for the (points to grampa) predeceased ?#oh the whole deal coffin tombstone antistink spray
sir we prefer the term "casket" to "coffin" and "monument" to "tombstone" (then) we have all the leading brands of antistink spray#(chuckles) what funny names
heh heh heh look at 'im go#that thing got pictureinpicture ?
of course this is the "contempo"#(re basketball) ah geez how come they never call traveling anymore ?
(to homer) ooh bury me over here pleeeease ?#whoa whoa this is gettin' kind of pricey
(makes weird noises)#okay
okay with mole insurance your total comes to seventeen thousand dollars#what ? (anguished moan)
(snippy) or you could just toss him in the woods and let the wolves carry him off it is really up to you#mr salesman ?
yesss ?#we are gonna go with the wolves
(whimpers)#(sincerely) dad i love you this much
(sincerely) dad i love you this much#(explaining) but that is just under nine hundred dollars i wish i could go seventeen thousand but
the mausopalooza can be seen from space it will consume as much cement as a regulationsize tennis court#tennis court eh ?
oh i can not believe we went through all that just to wind up with a tennis court#i will bet you did not see that comin'
you do not care what happens to me when i die#of course i do dad
of course i do dad#and if it were up to me you would not die at all
and if it were up to me you would not die at all#but try tellin' that to killy mcgee up there
but try tellin' that to killy mcgee up there#(confused noise) what on earth are you doing ?
practicing tennis#that is tennis ? (moans) then what is the one where the chicks whale on each other ?
foxy boxing ?#yes (annoyed grunt) that is what i wanted (moans)
yes (annoyed grunt) that is what i wanted (moans)#and finally make sure the net is tight and springy
and finally make sure the net is tight and springy#that seems about right
you know a tennis court can really make your house look classy i hear mel brooks has one i mean sir mel brooks#and it is bad news for the gophers
and it is gonna do wonders for our social life#yeah it'd be nice to entertain friends and have people over
hey you got a tennis court#keep walkin' flanders
will do#faster
(loud grunt)#(to marge) sorry i grunted way too early (laughs)
we win again#hey this was a lot of fun guys
match point#and how about that stephanie the weather girl ? (bob hope growl)
(laughs) that is game set and match to us but the real winners here are marge's hors d'oeuvres (reaches for hors d'oeuvre)#wow how do you come up with such witty remarks ?
i guess you could say "i am iraqi"#(quick shocked gasp then coldly) get off my property
especially bonnets#(pounds fist on the table angry) i have had it with that school
(pounds fist on the table angry) i have had it with that school#(chipper) door
ext simpson tennis court  day  later)#hey check it out i am surfing the net
will you get serious homer ? i'd like to win at least once#come on marge  all sports have their lovable clowns john rocker oj simpson dorf
hey homer here's a bloopie for ya#i have got it it is in the bag
int marge and homer's bedroom  continuous)#doihavecooties ? (looks) no (relieved) oh this home testing kit saved me a fortune
you will never guess what i heard in the supermarket today i found out we are the laughingstock of the town#ohhh well that is bad news for dingbat charlie he is gonna be crushed
i thought our tennis court was bringing us a little respectability instead people make fun of our lousiness#okay now some of that is me
all of that is you you have gotta take this more seriously#okay honey i can see this means a lot to you i will practice till my elbow is swollen and discolored
no it is a smooth motion you follow through with your racket#uhoh
ext simpson house  front yard  day)#good news honey i found a way to prove to the town we are not losers i have entered us in a doubles tournament
what ? we are not ready to compete#do not worry the tournament's not till tomorrow (preparing to serve) okay get ready for the serve
(flailing) get 'em off get 'em off#how embarrassing you take over bart
how embarrassing you take over bart#lisa lisa beer me
lisa lisa beer me#i will be right out honey
oh that is okay bart's doing fine you just have another beer#now that is the kinda nagging i can live with
now that is the kinda nagging i can live with#so barney's like "you are on your own dude" and i am like "not even"
i do not know what this has to do with the civil war#i am getting to that
ext simpson tennis court  later that day)#lookin' good honey i think you and i might just win this tournament dealy
lookin' good honey i think you and i might just win this tournament dealy#hey bart yeah you got your daddy's hustle
hey bart yeah you got your daddy's hustle#(amiably) too busy to reply huh ? i know how that goes (beat) well i think i will go lay out my clothes for the tournament
int simpson house  homer's bedroom  a little later)#(proudly) perfect
(proudly) perfect#well i am ready for the big tournament
well i am ready for the big tournament#hey there son
(rubbing back of neck uneasily) oh hi dad#(chuckles) with that little outfit on everyone's gonna think you are playing in the tournament
i am playing in the tournament#(chuckles) it is gonna be tough without a partner
i have got a partner#well good for you anyone i know ?
oh hello homer#good morning partner
uh there is something i should tell you#(intrigued) the name of bart's partner ? i am all ears
(uncomfortable) well actually the name of bart's partner is (awkward beat can not say it)#yes darling ?
i am bart's partner#(delusional) no no no no (pathetic certainty) you are my partner
oh i am sorry homie we will talk about it later okay ?#nooo
nooo#traitors
traitors#uhoh
uhoh#i do not think they saw me
int living room  continuous)#hello marge
hello marge#hello bart how are the tennis partners ?
oh homey i am sorry i hurt your feelings#do not touch me your hands feel like salad tongs
i just wanted to win for once please do not take it as a threat to your manhood#(realizing) my manhood ? i never thought of that
we can wipe out bc in our lifetime#i do not care about bc i care about (points with each initial) me (points identically) my enjoyment
int simpson house  lisa's room  day)#it is obvious what is happening i am being replaced by a younger more inyourface version of me
dad you are just going through a classic oedipal anxiety you remember the story of oedipus do not you ?#(sly noise) maybe five bucks would refresh my memory
(sighs then) oedipus killed his father and married his mother#(appalled noise) who pays for that wedding ?
i am just saying you feel threatened by bart but it is all in your head#you are right but just to be safe maybe i should chain him up
dad i think you are overreacting#i think you are underreacting
this session's over#this session's under
goodbye#badbye
badbye#no no stay away from my wife bart
int marge and homer's bedroom  night)#(panicky noises) that is the guy that is the guy from my dream
(panicky noises) that is the guy that is the guy from my dream#(to bart's picture) go ahead and smile smart guy i am gonna mop you up like turkey gravy
are you sure you want me to be your doubles partner ?#absolutely sweetie
and you are not doing it out of spite ?#no of course not now aim for your mother's heart (pointing to other end of court)
(gasp) dad i do not want to enter the tournament just to hurt mom#oh come on you have been gunning for queen bee ever since you buzzed into this hive now serve
did you make that awful effigy ?#hey leave my teammate alone
oh you little come on bart#babies
( la western union delivery boy) telegram for lisa simpson#(to lisa) do not listen it is a trick
dear lisa psych psych psych psych signed superpsych#(loud whisper) i think he is trying to psych you out
huh ? ehh whaddaya want ? i am not gonna do "a" material for charity (somberly) and after all that is why we are here#well look who is here you two are goin' down
no we are not you are going down#(worried to lisa) did you hear that ? she said we are goin' down
all we can do is play our very best#oh that is loser talk
now i'd like to introduce two of the tennis world's most unbeatable players venus and serena williams#(to self) unbeatable eh ?
(to self) unbeatable eh ?#comin' through hey hi otto sorry
that is our dad's seat#hey that is great listen i need a new doubles partner my little girl's a lead weight
you are dumping your own daughter ?#yeah but only to crush my wife and son
yeah that is pretty low#(to venus) hm you seem less disgusted let's go
our next match is marge and bart simpson#booo you rot
versus homer and lisa#up bup
(shocked) venus simpson ? you are replacing me ?#now lisa dumping is such a harsh word let's just say i am replacing you
ext tennis court  moments later)#(halfassed coaching) okay swing run hit the thing now run across the
(halfassed coaching) okay swing run hit the thing now run across the#yeah
(triumphantly) yes i am in#(laughs calling) everybody's been dumped but me i am undumpable
yoink#my tennis stick
my tennis stick#who are you ?
ext stadium  center court  a little later)#which one am i ? serena or venus ?
you are andre i am serena#(chuckles) you are a girl
me neither i am just enjoying some worldclass tennis#you know there is a lesson here for all of us it is better to watch stuff than to do stuff
after the tournament let's go out for a nice family dinner#(cocky) courtesy of pete sampras
(cocky) courtesy of pete sampras#(quickly putting wallet back) sorry
(quickly putting wallet back) sorry#(laughs) sucker
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#(into phone) y'ello hey moe we are watching you on tv
int "laugh in" stage)#so how is that bowel obstruction doing ?
int simpson living room  continuous)#(into phone) well it all starts when the nulecule ("newlacule") comes out of its nest
i can not believe krusty's retiring this is tragic#(sadly) a world without krusty  what would that be like ?
(sadly) a world without krusty  what would that be like ?#what is on tv ?
nutsy the clown#(excited) oh boy oh boy oh boy
(zombielike) i was at the flower shop#oh yeah uh i was at the flower shop today too yup gettin' drunk at the ol' flower shop
thank you folks now fasten your funny belts as our own chimpendale's dancer gives you the full monkey#(calling) take it off
time to blow up the clown#(jewish uncle) go blow
and in 1984 portugal's carlos lopez (lopesh) becomes the oldest olympic marathon winner ever at age 38#(gasps) 38 that is roughly my age marge after a lot of thought i have decided to run the springfield marathon
well dad i think running's good exercise  it adds years to your life#stay out of this lisa marge i have made up my mind i will do your job for a day and you do mine then we will see who has it tougher
you got all your equipment dad ?#let's see sweatbands check antichafing nipple tape (grabs breasts) check check (moves hand a little lower on torso) and check
attention runners (raises gun) on your mark get set now get outta here before i change my mind#(gasp) i can not believe it i am actually running a marathon (screams then slumps) oh i hit the wall this is so painful (surprised sound perks up) hey i got my second wind (annoyed grunt) another wall i ju (perks up again) woo hoo third wind
well thank you for lettin' me chill in your crib#and thank you for assuming we are hip
and thank you for assuming we are hip#all right now here's the 411 i am a record producer see i am starting a new boy band and there is a place in it for bart
please mom my dream is to be a rock star#and my dream is to get rid of bart
but#(confrontational) how many lives must you ruin ?
do not be selfish lisa#will you two shut up ? i am missing precious vj prattle
int simpson house  tv room  continuous)#(sings) yvan eht nioj ya gotta love that crazy chorus
(puzzled) what does it mean ?#ah it does not mean anything it is like "ramalama ding dong" or "give peace a chance"
ext springfield squidport  the next day)#wait a minute bart's band is brainwashing kids with subliminal messages ? that is pretty farfetched lisa
are you sure someone has not been bitten by the jealousy bug ?#(chuckles teasing) here comes the jealousy bug (pinching lisa) gonna git ya gonna git ya
cut it out you are a grown man#(hurt sound) i wanna go home now
ext aircraft carrier  continuous)#(zipping up) so ah what songs did i miss ?
dad lt's gone crazy#yeah that is the look (chuckles)
(shocked gasp)#(horrified sound) not "mad" that is our nation's largest mental illnessthemed humor magazine
defuse it old school#(in lounge chair holding reflector) 'bout time
they called me "smelson" haw haw#"smelson" it is funny 'cause you smell (laughs)
are you sick of ordinaryshaped amusement parks ?#am i ever
(shrugs) it was all right i guess#kids (dramatically) how would you like to go to blockoland ?
(not interested) meh#(stunned) but the tv gave me the impression that
("is not she adorable" laugh)#maggie no
ext blockoland  entrance  establishing  day)#we are here
squaresville sounds pretty cool#(chuckles then mechanical voice) i am a robot do what i say (chuckles)
(chuckles then mechanical voice) i am a robot do what i say (chuckles)#(mechanical voice) i am a washing machine do what i say (chuckles)
(grim) come with me#check it out i built myself a healthy apple
but you made it out of ham cubes#yep a shiny new apple
yep a shiny new apple#i get it everything's made of blocks even the water
hey boat twentyeight stop splashing#(keeps splashing) what are you gonna do about it ?
(keeps splashing) what are you gonna do about it ?#uhoh
uhoh#(anguished scream) leeches
it is okay but it is missing a piece#welcome to real life lisa you can not fight city hall aka blockoland so do not even try
what kind of a thing is that to tell your children ?#it is what i always tell them i told them that twice yesterday and then again as they were going to sleep
(annoyed) i am sure the gift shop will replace the missing piece#you are right honey hear that kids ? the simpsons are going to blockoland
yaaayy#'scuse me
ext blockoland  dusk)#you sold my little girl a shoddy eiffel tower
hey tough luck pal you can not fight the souvenir industry we are too powerful#(slumping) yeah you are right
(slumping) yeah you are right#(threatening) but before i go i am gonna give you a little souvenir of my own
(touched) thank you dad#hey any friend of marge is a friend of mine
int simpson car  driving home  evening)#so how is that new block i got you ?
great#(satisfied sound) you know standing up for the little guy felt good i am gonna do it more often
(pained sounds)#those bullies are gone now
you idiot they were beating out my shirt fire#my heart was in the right place jerk
thanks again dad#well you are welcome honey now i am gonna spend the whole day helping shmoes with their problems (quickly) got a problem bart ?
(taunting giggle) bart's got a problem#do not worry son i will handle this
int springfield elementary  bart's class  day)#come on why will not you go out with bart ?
he is a smelly ugly dork#please ugly is such a smelly word who would you rather go out with ?
(pointing to a beautiful young boy) tommy#well duh he is breathtaking but bart has inner beauty like you would find in a rodent
well duh he is breathtaking but bart has inner beauty like you would find in a rodent#(to sherri) and face it you are no prize either you wear braces you dress like a kid and you are not gettin' any younger take what you can get
(annoyed sound) they would not honor my coupon for two free streaks#(intense) they would not ? well i will go to bat for you honey
yes may i help you ?#(arch) nice place you got here ooh look a hair net be a shame if it was hurled to the ground
(arch) nice place you got here ooh look a hair net be a shame if it was hurled to the ground#oh how clumsy of me ? and
oh how clumsy of me ? and#oops
why are you doing zese things ?#either you honor my wife's coupon or a lot more lids will be unscrewed
i cannot streak that much hair think of the cost i'd be ruined#oh really
oh really#boy you weren't kidding your profit margins are razorthin
you see ? zees is what i am#(sees something) wait a minute four hundred a month for loafer lightener ?
but we must have it it is ze lifeblood of ze industry#you get the same results with a mincing gel
oh homie i love them i can not thank you enough#(noble) the satisfaction of helping another human being is all the thanks i et cetera
(noble) the satisfaction of helping another human being is all the thanks i et cetera#and i gave that man directions even though i did not know the way 'cause that is the kind of guy i am this week
i tried to return my season ticket but they would not give me my money back they said they wanted it#say no more i will help you lenny
ext stadium  continuous)#(holds up ticket) i am trying to get a refund for this ticket is this the executive office of the ball club ?
nope this is the equipment shed#oh
oh#well is that it ?
that is where we keep the water heater#is
that is a tractor#i see
sir we can not give your friend a refund just because the team is losing#(very sarcastic) i am sorry to hear that
spin that back to where it was#(cowed) yes sir
this meeting is over#(small voice) okay (then) so uh you wanna go get something to eat ?
(panicky) no no not that door (panicked noise)#albuquerque isotopes ? what is all this stuff ?
it is not anything it has no purpose#what a crazy room there is no albuquerque isotopes it is the springfield (dawning) ohhhh
no no there is no 'ohhhh'#you are moving the team to albuquerque are not you ?
no no we would never abandon our loyal springfield fans by the way all this barging into rooms marked "private" must have made you thirsty would you like a beer ?#well okay but you can not silence homer simpson i am the friend of the downtrodden and i am not gonna forget what i saw here today
now homer we have developed this additive that makes beer super super malty care to try it ?#(suspicious) wait a minute will this erase my memory ?
good grief#(moans) oh my head how long have i been out here ?
all night you were yelling at the swing#i was ? (maudlin) but i love the swing
dad you were nuts#you know me occasionally i will be quirky (thinks ratchet in) "i will be quirky" (ratchet in) albuquerque i will be right back
ext stadium  evening  establishing)#members of the media
members of the media#(cocky) thank you for coming the proof that the isotopes are moving to albuquerque is right behind this door
he is right folks the only story here is the rich smooth taste of duff#yes that is an important story but so is this
well homie i believe you are telling the truth about the isotopes#i do not mind being called a liar when i am lying or about to lie or just finished lying (pounding fist in palm) but not when i am telling the truth
there is all kinds of ways to get the public on your side bob dylan wrote songs cesar chavez staged hunger strikes#(inspired) that is it i will go on a hunger strike
(amused chuckle) oh homie you could not keep up a hunger strike you eat while you brush your teeth you are eating a huge sausage right now#(defiantly chewing) so ? i can stop and i will stop i am on a hunger strike starting right now
ext duff stadium  next to entrance gate  day)#let's see those double a baseball honchos ignore this
you are really not gonna eat anything ?#my hunger strike will not end until duff admits they are moving the team bart my chains
my hunger strike will not end until duff admits they are moving the team bart my chains#now it begins
dad i am so proud of you if you need some inspiration here's a book of mike farrell's core beliefs#(opening book) man he really hates wayne rogers
(kisses homer) goodbye homie here's dr hibbert's number if you feel weak#do not worry duff's not gonna let me waste away to nothing
uh dad ?#(worried sound)
stop calling me that#hey kid and man
hey kid and man#do not support a team run by liars
liars ?#they are secretly planning to move to albuquerque
yeah#why you little
(frightened sound)#oh so hungry can not give up must continue fighting evil corporation
oh (tosses cone over shoulder) seymour#nice try god
nice try god#but homer simpson does not give in to temptation that easily hey
but homer simpson does not give in to temptation that easily hey#stop that
ext outside stadium  the next day)#(singing) dancin' away my hunger pangs / movin' my feet so my stomach will not hurt / i am kinda like jesus / but not in a sacrilegious way
yeah but his weary shuffling makes my heart smile#(moans) i am soooo hungry
ext landscaped area behind center field wall  day)#(disoriented) what is going on ? what am i doin' here ?
(cheers)#what ? that is not why i am here
what ? that is not why i am here#(faint) they are moving the team to albuquerque
(cheers)#(frustrated noise) all this hunger for nothin'
yeah duck man over here#do they have to chew so loud ?
ext duff stadium  area behind center field wall  day)#oh i am wasting away (feels chest panicked noise) i am down to a bcup
ext stadium  area behind center field wall  night)#oh i am so hungry (puts sign down) oh why keep starving myself ? no one cares
oh i am so hungry (puts sign down) oh why keep starving myself ? no one cares#(curious sound)
(curious sound)#who are you ?
the spirit of cesar chavez#why do you look like cesar romero ?
because you do not know what cesar chavez looks like#why are you here ?
to tell you not to give up#(whiney) but i wanna
okay skinny on your feet#(confused) what is happening ? did i crush your corporation ?
well homer your hunger strike lasted twelve amazing days#(weakly childlike) me so hungee
of course you are hungry hungry homer (selling into microphone) so why not break your fast with our brand new isotope dog supreme ?#(sniffs then drooling shudder) so hard to resist mesquitegrilled onions jalapeo relish (about to give in and take a bite then) wait a minute those are southwestern ingredients
(confused murmur)#mangolime salsa ? that is the kind of bold flavor they enjoy in albuquerque
now now now now see here people let's not be too hasty#tell the truth (to crowd) c'mon everybody
get him out of here#do not listen to him duffman for once in your life stand up for the little guy
oh yeah#(cheers)
(cheers then) eat eat eat eat eat eat#(to crowd) the truth never tasted so good
that ad campaign may have crossed a line#what can you do ? sex sells
(horrified sound) homer you are still here ? you should've left for work an hour ago#they said if i come in late again i am fired i can not take that chance
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#(hopeful) kids gone ?
yep it is great to have some time just to ourselves huh ?#you read my mind (beat) sooo
you read my mind (beat) sooo#this coffee's good huh ?
yeah the uh the milk really takes the edge off#you know i think our marriage is
i got it#i got it
no i got it#no i do
your baby is dead#(horrified noise)
(horrified noise)#(pained sound) okay now put
(reading) "springfield babyproofing" ?#youyou really scared us
sorry about that but the truth is (suddenly accusatory) your baby maggie simpson is dead#(horrified noise)
(baby voice) goo goo me wike to expwore#(to marge sotto) that is a pretty big caboose for a baby
similac baby formula#noooo
noooo#this is such an eyeopener i always pictured the kids dying in the living room
okay with the window bars toilet latches dingo alarm and grapefruitsquirt shield your total cost would be wow i am rich#three dollars ? that does not seem so bad
here's your estimate#mm hm hmmmm
mm hm hmmmm#we do not need your highpriced safety junk
we do not need your highpriced safety junk#(sheepish) thank you
int simpson kitchen  day)#now do not feel bad honey did you know back in grade school i had a bully problem myself ?
int school hallway  day (1970's))#(singing) everybody was kungfu fighting
(singing) everybody was kungfu fighting#(singing) those cats were fast as lightning
(singing) those cats were fast as lightning#good times
int dining room  continuous)#that babyproofing crook wanted to sell us safety covers for the electrical outlets
that babyproofing crook wanted to sell us safety covers for the electrical outlets#but i will just draw bunny faces on them to scare maggie away
she is not afraid of bunnies#(confidently) she will be
int simpson house  living room  day)#(to maggie) see honey daddy's protecting you from all the sharp scary things here hold this a sec
(to maggie) see honey daddy's protecting you from all the sharp scary things here hold this a sec#ow oh my
ow oh my#(nervous sound) okay maggie put it down
(nervous sound) okay maggie put it down#(frightened sound) it
(frightened sound) it#(frightened sound) down
(frightened sound) down#oh (scared chuckle) okay that is quite enough it is not funny anymore
no no no oh homie#(pained sounds then to marge) now do you realize how unsafe the american home is ? baby accidents occur every three minutes
i am the one who told you that#yeah but this is me talking look i already encased the telephone in concrete
how are you supposed to dial ?#reach into these holes i use a carrot
is not that a little excessive ? i mean how are the buttons dangerous ?#baby could order poison
(ashamed) i am a horrible mother#(sweetly) of course you are marge i have finally discovered the reason god made me to protect his tiniest most breakable creatures and i have got to share that gift with the world
to protect his tiniest most breakable creatures and i have got to share that gift with the world#(pained sound through gritted teeth) get her outta here
ext street  day)#(humming and whistling while he drives) savin' those babies and the soft spots on their heads do do do do do
int apu's apartment  day)#problem a pointy deity and i have got the perfect solution
oh thank you no more shivarelated pokings#yeah you know down the line you might want to switch to a nice round buddha
but we are hindu#so am i but i do not get all huffy about it
booo#(as he clicks remote) canceled
the safebaby craze it is sweeping springfield thanks to one crusading parent#that is me safety dance
that is me safety dance#(singing) "you can dance / you can dance / everybody look at your pants"
(sadly to self) the dream is over (turns calling to factory) shut her down boys#(horrified) dear god what have i done ?
ext springfield streets  day)#babies of springfield we need your help please skin your knees put dice up your nose let cats sleep on your face
i have isolated the chemical which is emitted by every geek dork and foureyes i call it "poindextrose"#woo hoo simpsons rule (then) sorry
oh honey we are so proud of you#(summing up) so all her bullying was just to get some attention
no dad did not you listen to anything i said ?#(sagely) just to get some attention
(fondly) someone's gonna sleep well tonight#pound that nerd
ext supermarket  establishing)#(reading) "olive oil ?" "asparagus ?" if your mother wasn't so fancy we could shop at the gas station like normal people
(explaining) candy class#well okay but get five bags in case we eat four on the way home
my teacher said i need cupcakes (eyes dart selling) cupcakes to learn#in the cart
i am out of wine#(jerking thumb) cart
we need these because we have to#my doctor says and my garage mechanic agrees that
(jerking a thumb) in the cart#woo hoo
woo hoo#y'know i always felt sorry for marge having to do the shopping but this is kind of fun
int supermarket  later)#(to bag boy) wait i changed my mind
(to bag boy) wait i changed my mind#stack it in the order i will eat it driving home
sir please i have already bagged it by color and in order of each item's discovery by man#the customer's always right that is what everybody likes about us now mush
(to bag boy) hey hey watch what you are doin' there sack monkey you are bruisin' my duralog#hurry up i can not stand here jabbing you all day
please ow stop bag boys have feelings too you know#(wasn't born yesterday) no you do not
excuse me ? is there a problem here ?#no i can handle it (sotto to bag boy) i will get you squealer
strike strike strike (continues)#(mocking) oh the bag boys are on strike (mock frightened sound) i am shaking
(pained) mr simpson please will you go home ?#if i can have this rubber stick
int simpson house  kitchen)#so hungry there is gotta be some food left (taking out jars) sulfur jerky cream of toast where did we get all this crap ?
hey the dog smells something#(sugary) good boy good boy show us where the food is
(sugary) good boy good boy show us where the food is#where ? over there ?
where ? over there ?#(betrayed) hey
(betrayed) hey#yoink
yoink#my old lunch box
my old lunch box#(throaty) that amos burke made his own rules
(throaty) that amos burke made his own rules#(gasps) very old animal crackers
homer no those were made in the sixties#mmmm turbulent
mmmm turbulent#ow what the hell ?
(reading box) "find the golden giraffe and we will send you and your family to africa"#(elated) africa ? they are bound to have food there
int kitchenmaid plant  conference room  continuous)#and on my free african safari i want to do everything on this box
and on my free african safari i want to do everything on this box#i want to shoot a lion in the face fight muhammad ali and ride in a convertible with two happy zebras
we make household poisons and christmas lights#(firmly) your box made promises of a vacational nature and i expect you to live up to them
an old box of cookies is not a legal contract#ow my eye
mr simpson we have decided to make good on your vacation#(jumping up) woo hoo
(jumping up) woo hoo#(loud whisper) hey mister ?
uh yes ?#(loud whisper) on the plane i am gonna need two seats (points to his butt sheepish) for the twins
int simpson house  living room  later)#the simpsons are going to africa
he is our leader he seized power in a bloodless coup all smotherings (smiles and does "smothering with pillow" gesture with hands)#(fondly) just like jimmy carter
(calling) i will come down for your bags#(friendly) that is okay i got 'em
(friendly) that is okay i got 'em#(shrugs) eh bound to happen
(gasps) ooh look everybody#(transfixed) wowww it just rolled over to ten thousand
(confused) wait rhinos do not come from eggs#what did you just see lisa ?
i know but#(more emphatic) what did you just see ?
(sings in swahili  translation to come) ba hoolie ganga / heelie doo / ma hoolie wappa / imbatu (then) take it homer#(short shriek)
(short shriek)#(sings  la "good morning starshine") glibbie glop gloopie / nibbie nabbie noobie / la le lo lo lo
(gasp) that is terrible#(consoling) now honey poachers are nature's way of keeping the balance whenever there are so many species that people get confused and angry a poacher is born
this is the earliest known fossil of a human being it is over two million years old#(derisive snort) i have got more bones than that guy if you are trying to impress me you have failed
it is not the number of bones sir it is the#(holding up hand firmly) you have failed
(to chief) oh thank you your ground is so comfortable#by the way what kind of blood is this ?
this song has been going on for hours#(happily) yeah it is like the allman brothers
(happily) yeah it is like the allman brothers#(drum sounds)
(indignant bellow)#(shriek) a hungry hungry hippo
(shriek) a hungry hungry hippo#help kitenge
now simpsons run for it#(fondly) good ol' kitenge
(fondly) good ol' kitenge#quick into the river hippos hate water
the left go to the left#it is working
it is working#(short scream) leeches
(short scream) leeches#(short higherpitched scream)
(short higherpitched scream)#(relieved sigh)
(terrified yell)#(masterful) okay here's the situation we are hopelessly lost and about to die
(terrified yelp)#do not worry being eaten by a crocodile is just like going to sleep in a giant blender
wonder where this river goes#(gasps remembering) i have got a map
(gasps remembering) i have got a map#(chuckles) monkey now according to animal crackers there is no river here
(sympathetic swahili  translation to come)#(making conversation) so you think they settled that bag boy strike yet ?
oh no we are headed for victoria falls#here's why they should not get anything one
(grunt of impact)#(relieved sigh) this flower saved our lives
oh no it is eating us#not a chance
wow dad how did you do that ?#(dismissive) it is a flower
are we insane yet ? are we insane yet ? are we insane yet ?#i told you yes now bart go to the top of that hill and see if you can spot our hotel
("are you crazy) mount kilimanjaro ?#go
hey maybe it will lead us to bananas#or more mouthwatering monkeys
or more mouthwatering monkeys#overtime for bag boys ? ridiculous
thank you (to chimp) see jojo she likes it#so i notice your home smells of feces
yes#and not just monkey feces either
every day i get up at fivethirty watch the chimps eat a quick lunch of roots and water then more chimpwatching after dark i come home and think about chimps until it is time for bed#you must be the most boring woman on earth
possibly but#i mean i knew scientists wasted their lives but geez
(calling) absolutely not (to simpsons) will you help me defend the refuge ?#(heartfelt) anything for these noble animals
(heartfelt) anything for these noble animals#(sagely) so like us
(gettingpokedineye noises)#somebody light this monkey
somebody light this monkey#(screams) help bad monkey
(grimly) she is one of the ten richest chimp researchers in the world#look at me i am a scientist (laughs sighs)
ext airplane  on the tarmac  next day  establishing)#what a nice lady
buzz off#(pointing out window) hey look our tour guide got a new job
hm quite a promotion#i was wondering what became of him
(goodnatured laugh) / (homer) oh he got overthrown#now he is just a stinking flight attendant (beat small) hey where is my pillow ?
int simpson house  master bathroom  continuous)#(happy morning humming)
(calling) breakfast#breakfast
breakfast#aww cereal ? you know i like my breakfast fried or chickenfried
(to homer sotto) i will get us out of this (stagey) say dad want to go see my project for the school science fair ?#(very stagey) no lisa but i sure do not want to eat this crappy breakfast
meet linguo the grammar robot i built him all by myself if you misuse language he will correct you#well let's put him to the test (to robot) me love beer
"i love beer"#(sweetly) aw he loves beer
(sweetly) aw he loves beer#(as he pours) here little fella
(robot noise)#i am sorry i thought he was a party robot
(distraught) this is why i can not have nice things (frustrated sound)#ooo can i have a brownie ?
they are for after dinner#ooo can i have dinner ?
you can not have a brownie period#(playful) homer wants a brownie i am gonna get one
no#comin' in from the left
stop it#or is it the right ?
homer#look out for the reacharound (playful sounds)
look out for the reacharound (playful sounds)#he shoots he sco (agonizing scream) my thumb
he shoots he sco (agonizing scream) my thumb#(freaking) oh god oh god oh god
i am sorry i am so sorry#(panicked sounds stops running) sorry does not put thumbs on the hand marge
calm down if we hurry they can reattach your thumb#(dubious) reattach a thumb ? this is not "gattaca"
(gasp) where did it go ?#(pointing startled shriek)
(pointing startled shriek)#okay boy drop the thumb
okay boy drop the thumb#(reassuring) nobody's gonna tackle you
(reassuring) nobody's gonna tackle you#(annoyed grunt) come back with my thumb
123 fake street got it#come on come on boy (desperate) oh please give it back (desperate sound) you want people food ? i can get you people food
come on come on boy (desperate) oh please give it back (desperate sound) you want people food ? i can get you people food#(moans) i have nothing he wants
what the diddlyyo ?#give me back my thumb
give me back my thumb#gaa
(urgent) we have gotta get to the hospital homer#okay if the doctor asks why you cut it off you caught me in bed with four beautiful women
let's just say that bart did it#(grunt)
homer help#(loud whisper) marge over here
i am sorry homer your hmo does not cover this type of injury#but i have finger insurance
well i could cut off the other thumb for a sense of symmetry#symmetry eh ?
int ferrari  continuous)#we need more ice my thumb is fading fast
int moe's  moments later)#quick moe marge cut off my thumb
no problem just stick the ol' eyegouger in the pickle brine that'll keep your thumb fresh and delicious#thanks moe
hey ah hey ain't you gonna have a beer ?#well i really should not what with my massive blood loss and all (looking at thumb) although i do like the occasional beer
int moe's bar  a short while later)#(loud) did you ever see that "blue man group ?" total ripoff of the smurfs and the smurfs ? they suck
(laughter)#(wakingup sound then instantly sober) i have gotta get to dr nick's
ext moe's  continuous)#where is marge ? (disapproving sound) that is so rude (moans) i know i will hitchhike
ext street  a little later)#oh why is not this working ?
oh why is not this working ?#hey thanks for stopping
ext dr nick's clinic  a little later)#oh crap it is on fire
(looks at tank then at building) inflammable means flammable ? what a country#(to cletus) can you drive me to shelbyville hospital ?
hey somebody done stoleded my wheels#thanks a lot now i gotta walk to shelbyville
ext outskirts of town  day)#it is too late
it is too late#(to thumb) well old friend we always knew this day would come
(to thumb) well old friend we always knew this day would come#say goodbye to your brother
say goodbye to your brother#what in the hell was that ?
what in the hell was that ?#(shocked gasp) linguo dead
(to homer sotto) i will get us out of this (stagey) say dad want to go see my project for the school science fair ?#(very stagey) no lisa but i sure do not want to eat this crappy breakfast
int living room  a short while later)#(as he pours) here little fella
dad no#i am sorry i thought he was a party robot like in that play i wrote
hang on linguo you will be up and conjugating in no time#(agonizing scream) my thumb
oh#quick moe marge cut off my thumb
not right now your father's in there and #(loud) did you ever see that "blue man group ?"
int cab of truck  continuous)#abracathumbra
hey somebody done stoleded my wheels#thanks a lot now i gotta walk to shelbyville
(sputtering sparking noise) bad grammar overload error error#what the hell ?
what the hell ?#(shocked gasp) linguo dead
it is all right boys#oh thank goodness everyone's okay
(smug) exactly#one tower of babel and build it to heaven
one tower of babel and build it to heaven#(threatening) to heaven
(threatening) to heaven#christ be with you
(defensive) no i am not#leave ned alone
thank you homer#he can not admit he likes her till he is sure she likes him back and there is only one way to find out
he can not admit he likes her till he is sure she likes him back and there is only one way to find out#(manipulating cootiecatcher) does  rachel  like  ned ?
(reading message) it says i have cooties#(singsong) flanders has cooties flanders has cooties
that was great i can not believe she found a rhyme for hezekiah#hey she is coming this way
eh they will all go to hell (to ned) say how is your life going ?#(suggestively) ooh she wants to know how your life is going
that is great maybe we could have coffee sometime#(suggestively) ohh she wants to have coffee sometime
i can hear her homer#he can hear you rachel
okay well maybe another time you know i better go check into my hotel#hotel ? why do not you just stay at ned's place ?
oh who am i kidding ? i am not over maude at all#yeah maybe it was too soon
yeah maybe it was too soon#well are not you gonna invite me in ?
always do#say bye mr flanders
poor ned he can not look anywhere without being reminded of maude#(sincere) yeah a lifetime of memories
homer do not you have any respect ?#sure of course i do but life goes on ashes to ashes turn turn turn long live rock and so forth
wow three pairs of shoes someone had a fetish#man this is taking forever i know how to speed things up
kinda#(to ned) now for the awkward part we gotta talk about money
you said we were doing this out of friendship#what ? that does not sound like me
(touched gasp) maude's old sketch book she was quite the little artist you know#(looking at watch repeatedly) ahh is that a fact ? and you think you know someone
maude designed a christian amusement park oh it must have been her final dream#(disinterested) hey how 'bout that ?
ah gipetto's workshop will make a great stable for the nativity scene#you are doing that the sucker way try a little vitamin g
are you nuts ?#relax it is a "controlled burn" uhoh
darn teenagers with their beer bottles#(eyes darting) uh yeah teenagers (guilty chuckle)
well it is been a tad harder than i thought but i am not complaining 'cause i work for a sweet sweet boss (looking heavenward) you are our foreman maude#she is still bossing you around from beyond the grave ? (worried) can they do that ?
ohhh i am not very good at begging people for stuff#(helpful) i am i'd be glad to spearhead the entire begging initiative
well thanks homer#no problem i will need a sack and something sharp
(grunt) you can have these ah fireworks i confiscated some chinese people claimed they were celebrating new year's in february#(chuckles) oh yeah those guys and their crazy scams
this sawdust will soak up the puke from the roollercooster it is willie's special blend#(intrigued sound) do i detect a hint of cinnamon ?
oh maude i turned your dream of a christian amusement park into a bemusement park#(puts hand on ned's shoulder aghast) (gasp) do not say that ned
int food booth  moments later)#i am sorry the ticket price does not cover visions miracles or other godly hoohah
homer no i can not exploit a divine manifestation#oh why not ? everybody's doin' it
oh there is no explaining god's will roddy that is like explaining how an airplane flies#stupid grill
stupid grill#why will not you light ? the gas is on full blast
you better stick your head in and see what is going on#good idea
(to homer) i have gotta close praiseland down someone could get hurt#could get hurt could there is a chance they will not (putting arm around ned)
could get hurt could there is a chance they will not (putting arm around ned)#ned praiseland has touched an entire town with its inspiring message and toxic superfreakouts look at those smiling faces
ned praiseland has touched an entire town with its inspiring message and toxic superfreakouts look at those smiling faces#rich laughing with poor
rich laughing with poor#bullies breaking bread with nerds
bullies breaking bread with nerds#orphans lighting candles over a leaking gas line lighting candles
may the lord have mercy on your gas sniffin' orphan beatin' soul#(calling) christ be with you
(honking horn) hey ned i just read about your park in that horrible triplea magazine#ooo ned look who is here it is that girl you do not like not
(turning to leave) so how 'bout a movie tomorrow night ?#i think ned is gonna be all right
(laughs then) i know we will never see any of you again#you got that right
my turn huh ? let's see#(pleading) pick me pick me i have got hoop dreams coach i have got 'em bad
okay homer#yes (to moleman etc) losers losers losers l (to skinner worried) you said "homer" right ?
mmhm#losers
(frightened yelp)#woo you da man carl i believe you can fly
willie tickles the twine for two oi oi#okay guys i have got a secret play i have been saving for the olympics or possibly the final four and it goes something like this (conspiratorial murmuring) uh skinner i want you (mumble) moe you can take (mumble) (back and forth to self) homer you can take groundskeeper willie no way am i taking groundskeeper willie yes you are are you a team player or not ?
oh my goodness an untied shoelace i will just get down on one knee and retie that#(cocky) eat my dust mortals
(cocky) eat my dust mortals#(scream then) i am okay
(scream then) i am okay#ow
homer i am afraid you have torn out your anterior cruciate ligament#did you say anterior ?
yes#(grabs head with hands screams)
now how did this happen ?#(slyly) mmmaybe a little morphine would refresh my memory
(slyly) mmmaybe a little morphine would refresh my memory#(pleased sounds then slyly) i do not know i am still a little hazy
(pleased sounds then slyly) i do not know i am still a little hazy#oh yeah now i remember it like it was yesterday
it happened today#hey man you are harshin' my buzz anyway it all started when
you go homer#(yelling shaking fist) jetson
we have got to get you into surgery#(slyly) maybe a little morphine would get me there quicker
(slyly) maybe a little morphine would get me there quicker#(pleased sounds)
(to homer) but it will take plenty of time and rehab before you can go back to work#miss work ? but my life would be nothing without the nucleon plant
oh you are also responsible for this hefty hospital bill you should not have ordered all those hospital haircuts and porno films#(to marge) but "dr screwlittle" sounded like a delightful romp (then to dr hibbert) well you do not have to worry about the bill we have never welshed on a (points) look a bear
(to marge) but "dr screwlittle" sounded like a delightful romp (then to dr hibbert) well you do not have to worry about the bill we have never welshed on a (points) look a bear#run
now homer i want you to stay off that leg for two weeks#two weeks ? well what am i supposed to do ? just sit on my ass and watch tv ? that ain't my style man
now homer there are people right through that door that have it much worse than you#(sniffling) no they do not
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#(dejected moan) everyone's having fun but me
(frightened noise)#well i can still hang out with you guys
(pained sound) there goes my wagging finger#i am so bored
int simpson living room  later)#this place is so boring i have gotta do something to keep from going crazy i know i will breed the pets (grimly) to each other (laughs)
this place is so boring i have gotta do something to keep from going crazy i know i will breed the pets (grimly) to each other (laughs)#soon i will have a miracle hybrid with the loyalty of a cat and the cleanliness of a dog
(angry barks and yowls)#no that is not how ya do it
no that is not how ya do it#(startled gasp)
(startled gasp)#quitters
(entering) hey homer#oh it feels so good to talk to another human being (to self) stupid flanders
(laughs) it is gonna be one wholesome evening so do you think marge could take care of rowdy roddy and typhoon todd ? (pats rod and todd)#well marge is not here she had to identify a body at the morgue
(flustered sound) would you mind watching the kids ? i am kinda in a pickle here#well they would keep me company and this pickle you are offering only sweetens the deal
mr simpson can we have another jelly and candy sandwich ?#sure knock yourselves out and call me homer
daddy said it is rude to call grownups by their first name#daddy's not here is he ?
pokmon ? pokmon ? with the pokey and the mon and the (nonsensical blather)#(laughing) that is the darnedest thing
he told us how the world keeps screwing him over#(chuckles modestly) yeah well how was the concert ?
well sir i never heard a preacher use the "mf" word so many times anyway thanks again#hey it was fun my kids are sick of all my stories (gestures to rod and todd) (pleased) but they just can not get enough of me
(chuckles) oh roddy he is not runnin' a day care center#do not tell me what i am not doing
(confused) so you are running a day care center ?#oh you would like that would not you ?
well i sure would it would give the boys a place to go after school#then i will do it just to see the look on your face
then i will do it just to see the look on your face#that is the one
(looking out window) why did you put my name on the sign ?#it is just a legal thing to protect me
is your knee really gross under there ?#see for yourself
can i touch it ?#sure go for the gusto
(scared noise) it is healing over my hand#it knows you are afraid
yes whatever just take them#aw are not they sweet any medical things i should know about ?
why homer your surgical incision is completely healed#i owe it all to my rewarding work with children and not picking at it
ah yes how is your day care center doing ?#wonderful being with those kids gives me a high only morphine can top (urgent) ya got any ?
ext simpson house  evening)#peekaboo (hides then pops up) peekaboo (hides then pops up) peekaboo (hides then pops up) peekaboo (hides then pops up) peekaboo (hides then pops up) peekaboo (hides then pops up) peekaboo
i have never seen the baby get tired of it before the adult#(forcefully) peekaboo
uncle homer will you sing that crazy song we love ?#(chuckles) okay (sings serious) is that all there is ? / is that all there is ? / if that is all there is / my friend / then let's keep dancing
yeah hey homer i thought you were only gonna do this day care thing till your knee was better#yes but then i discovered the joys of raising children
(offended) what about us ?#(sweetly) do not worry honey you will have children of your own someday then you will know my joy
int simpson living room  afternoon)#(sings) if you are happy and you know it say a swear
int simpsons house  downstairs  continuous)#huh ?
huh ?#aw what a beautiful frame perfect for my day care permit sweet
aw what a beautiful frame perfect for my day care permit sweet#ummhm
ext treehouse  continuous)#hang on everybody three two one blast off
i contributed by not objecting too much#(hugs marge) aw that is my girl
(chuckles) anyway this film crew will shoot some behindthescenes footage of your amazing work#is there a snack table ?
it is already set up#do not film this
we are just restin' our eyes#'cause the thing is there are no bad kids
ow you stepped on my arm#sorry daddy thought you were a pile of cable
tell me about the "homer cares" program#(sincerely) my kids wear these hearts to remind them they are always loved
awww did you make 'em yourself ?#yes through the magic of caring
int springfield civic auditorium  a little later)#i will mace you good
this year's winner of the "saint who walks among us" award#(praying) please let me win this lord (clenches fist) 'cause if you do not
 homer simpson#yes
yes#all my love has come back in trophy form
it looks like any other home in america but this is the house that love built#(continued laughing)
this is the real homer simpson  a beerdrinking meanie#(drunk noises)
(drunk noises)#(confused sound)
and he gambles like crazy#i will call
three nines#(moans) i almost had a straight
(as he pulls in maggie and the chips) come to new papa#hey what is the deal ?
we just spliced in some home movies (coyly) whaddaya think ?#well i'd rather reserve judgement until i oh my god
well i'd rather reserve judgement until i oh my god#(rising) that is completely taken out of context
(rising) that is completely taken out of context#why you little
my polite indignation has no bounds#(a little crazed) no no no one is taking my kids from me
(a little crazed) no no no one is taking my kids from me#(as they exit) run children run
where are we going ?#(crazed) uh for frosty chocolate milkshakes (crazed giggle) frosty chocolate milkshakes
where are we going mr simpson ?#(grimly) i will tell you where we are not going jail
(points out window) then you better turn#uh oh
ext simpson house  day)#(to bart and lisa) why did you rat me out kids ? was it because i showered love on those other children while ignoring you ?
(shrugs) yeah / pretty much#well i learned my lesson from now on you two are the only kids i will care about oh and maggie
well i learned my lesson from now on you two are the only kids i will care about oh and maggie#now let's all enjoy the snack table while we still have it
the teamsters said they'd pick it up by five#(highly skeptical) yeah that'll happen
(highly skeptical) yeah that'll happen#teamsters
i can not believe it we won another contest#the simpsons are going to delaware
you are next mr simpson#hey wait a minute (reading) "airport tax five dollars ?"
sir it is a standard fee#well we are not boarding that plane unless you waive that tax (threatens) waive it
ext railroad tracks  day)#stupid antifistshaking laws
int boxcar  continuous)#the simpsons are ridin' the rails
mornin' folks#(cowering behind marge) what are you gonna do to us ?
ext marge's farmhouse  day)#(chuckles) man buffalo are easy to kill
well i s'pose i could spin ya a few more yarns but first who wants to give me a sponge bath ? i am filthy#(uneasy) all right but your next story better be worth it
okay ready for another impression ? this is southside jake tearin' into tin can tillie#(leaning forward expectantly) oh this'll be good
ext great plains  1840s  day)#whoopsie (chuckles)
dad you just killed a poor defenseless buffalo#a poor delicious buffalo he will be dinner for the whole wagon train
and her family changed theirs to "buffelkill"#i have not had buffalo in six hours marge how 'bout whipping up some buffalo sausage huevos buffaleros and some freshsqueezed buffaloj
the buffalo are gone i think you shot them all#what have i done ? what have i done ?
ext mountain pass  night  three weeks later)#(panicky sound)
you are the fattest buffelkill okay everybody dig in#(scream)
yeah i suppose you could grind some pills into it#(moved) aww
ooh look out there folks that is the mighty mississip#big deal
and that was tom and huck's last adventure#i liked that story 'cause i was a judge
(pointed) i believe i told three stories#(moans then to family) i will meet you in wilmington
ext boxcar  continuous)#(businesslike) raise your arm okay the other one
you know i do four hundred situps a day#(impressed) oh it shows i was gonna say something but i thought it might sound you know weird
(impressed) oh it shows i was gonna say something but i thought it might sound you know weird#it
it#ew
oh not at all i like when people say nice things about my body#and it is important to feel good about yourself okay spread your toes (grossed out sound) do you know how much glass is in here ?
ext springfield downtown  day)#ah ethnictown where hardworking immigrants dream of becoming lazy overfed americans
(sings) babies who wantsa babies#wait this is just a shaved puppy
i sense you live with much misery#(sly chuckle) the perfect crime (suddenly serious) marge i have to be in court next tuesday
(mystically) i sense i should not take a check#a fortune teller ? oh no you do not this phony gypsy just wants to rip you off see this wart is a fake
(curtly) get out#so much for the legendary gypsy hospitality
so much for the legendary gypsy hospitality#(scream) beads
(scream) beads#owww
you have ruined me (upset sound) oh why did not i see this coming ?#hey that is me and that is you
you stupid stupid man (hex gesture) i curse you you will bring bad luck to everyone you love#whatever
int simpson house  bedroom  evening)#(seductive) are you coming on to me ?
(worried) gee you strangle him all the time and that never happens#good as new
good as new#well i (fumfurring noises as if setting things right) there right as rain there
well i (fumfurring noises as if setting things right) there right as rain there#(chuckle)
(chuckle)#marge that "curse" is just a lot of silly superstition right lisa ?
yeah but a lot harder to catch uh go with the leprechaun#guys i am not cursed
(dying) well okay but hurry up#(distraught) oh moe they are dead and it is all my fault
(distraught) oh moe they are dead and it is all my fault#when did that happen ?
ext forest outside springfield  night)#(annoyed grunt)
int springfield forest  later)#(to bart) let's make sure he is a leprechaun (to leprechaun) sing us a song of the emerald isle
(horrible highpitched jabbering) ya big fat ass (more jabbering)#(irish accent) ah 'tis like the singin' of the angels themselves
maybe you need to take the leprechaun and sic it on the gypsy#good idea mr ed (to bart) wanna come along noodle neck ?
(laugh) ah the cursed (cursed) one how is that curse i cursed you with cursedy (kirstie) hm ? (laugh)#(oblivious) i know you do not remember me but here's a little revenge irishstyle
(oblivious) i know you do not remember me but here's a little revenge irishstyle#yah
yah#wake up ya lousy drunk
(amid passionate sounds) hold me close kiss me i am irish#(grossed out) ew nasty
(still covered with hair) the best thing about a gypsy wedding is i am not the hairiest woman here#(wrapping it up) yep everything worked out for the best
what ? bart is dead#well me saying i am sorry will not bring him back
the gypsy said it would#she is not the boss of me
dinner is served#mm various eggs
bravo pierce#trusting every aspect of our lives to a giant computer was the smartest thing we ever did
(marge) uhhuh (bart) absolutely / (lisa) yep /#(chiming in) oh i agree
homer my dear fellow you are carrying quite a bit of tension in your back fat homer#yeah that is the price of success
can i top you off ?#what is my blood alcohol ?
what is my blood alcohol ?#(quick gagging noise)
point one five#keep 'em comin'
you know marge is quite a remarkable woman#yeah she is cool
you are certainly a lucky man to have her#(chuckles shrugs) lucky shmucky i knocked her up but she is stuck now  we are married till death do us part but if i died she'd be completely free for man or machine (smug chuckle)
(sinister chuckle) machine eh ?#(chipper) yep a machine
int simpson house  bedroom  continuous)#(sniffs) mm unexplained bacon
int kitchen  continuous)#(gasp) good ol' table
(gasp) good ol' table#huh ?
homer homer you are alive#yep man one machine zero (he turns toward the pierce light) how do you like that score ?
int basement  continuous)#die you monster
dad that is the water softener#well i am missing the back of my head i think you could cut me some slack
homer no#oh i am gonna enjoy this
oh how magical#(distracted) yeah yeah these kids are pretty special
she will be killed#my sweet little angel
("uhoh") shazbot#(calling pissed) hey we stayed for your kids
int simpson car  continuous)#(singing along with radio) will not you marry me biill ? / i got the wedding gown biill / 'cause weddings are niice
ohhoho if our wampum wagon spots your kbbl party penguin you will win forty dollars#(sticking head out window) didja hear that pengy ? forty dollars
(pointing) hey there is the wampum wagon#(gasp pulls over) end of the line boys
int court  continuous)#(happy) i love our court days
yes they are roy#(impatient) judge snyder ? while we are young ?
(softening) on the other hand i was young once#(to marge) i will bring the car around
do not spit on my cupcake and tell me it is frosting#(to marge seething grinding fist into palm) what'd she say about cupcakes ?
(checks file) according to this your father was driving you to school ? then where was he when you stole the police car ?#(stands) uh your honor i was chasing the kbbl party penguin prize patrol
you abandoned your son to win forty dollars ?#and a blue oyster cult medallion
and a blue oyster cult medallion#(tripped out) coooool
and that was more important than keeping your son out of trouble ?#your honor if i may sing a little bit of "do not fear the reaper" i think you will agree that
(curtly) i am familiar with boc but you have got a boy here who is crying out for adult supervision#i could not agree more perhaps some sort of courtappointed babysitter or au pair ("awpair")
sorry bub that crow will not caw#it will not ?
(bangs gavel) i hereby order you to be tethered to your son#tethered ?
tethered report to room five#room five ?
there we go how is that ?#it is a little tight
(looks at it accusingly) sir you are not a size four#(breaking down) i used to be
int simpson house  foyer  continuous)#oh this punishment is so cruel
well maybe it will be fun you will get to spend more time together (to bart sotto) make sure your father takes his mood medication#(seething) i will medicate you
(seething) i will medicate you#(sweetly) honey you know this could be fun (to bart) race you to the kitchen my little tether ball
today we are going to talk about predicates and predicate nominatives#boring
(annoyed) mr simpson i am trying to teach#come on these kids are never gonna use that stuff
will you please just go back to sleep ?#fine
fine#(soothed sound)
all right now who can pick out the predicate in this sentence ?#(wild screaming)
night terrors ma'am#(in his sleep screams) cobras
ext springfield elementary  playground  later)#okay son concentrate shut out everything but the sound of my criticism
okay son concentrate shut out everything but the sound of my criticism#swing
swing#(chuckles then calling) run bart pump your thighs (threatening) pump them
hurry up dad#(panting) i am with you son
wow my first home run#that is my boy
(frightened sound)#c'mon hug me
c'mon hug me#(eyes closed screams) cobras cobras (screams)
ext nuclear power plant  night  establishing)#ow ow ow oh ah ow ow owww that really hurt
ow ow ow oh ah ow ow owww that really hurt#i thought i would hate working nights but it is so peaceful and there is no one here to squeal on me for shootin' mice
can i ask you something dad ?#sure boy
the town keeps getting bigger will there always be enough electricity ?#(affectionate chuckle) oh son you know that is none of your business (pointing then) say is that our house ?
uh i do not think lenny's house has a steeple#(chuckles) oh yeah (as camera pulls out softly) i forget things sometimes
ext street  the next day)#really you like skateboards ? we are sure learning a lot about each other
(short gagging sound)#ow my head oh i need a beer
int moe's bar  continuous)#i hit my head moe
hey hey no kids in the bar#since when ?
oh the heat's been on since them bush girls were in here#all right all right (dejected) come on bart
i am cold and scared#that is my little slugger
c'mon dad let's go#hey knock it off these pants cost six hundred dollars
really ?#yeah they are italian
(pulling shotgun) all right hand 'em over#moe ? what the ?
punish the parents#(approving sound) it is about time (then) oh
granted but you gotta admit constant supervision has been good for bart he might even make the honor roll if dad can control his night terrors#well that is a pretty big "if" honey
(stands up) c'mon dad i gotta go to the bathroom#oh i just got comfortable use the bottle
(tugging rope) come on homer#no
(exasperated) homer just take him to the bathroom#fine (as he and bart start to exit) i do not even know why we have a bottle (looks back at marge and lisa) somebody tell me
would you mind ? i am trying to do my homework#(crafty) ah son it is a little chilly maybe you should wrap a blanket around your head
oh homie no we can not#what is the big deal ? he sees a thousand times worse on that animal channel
i do not want him to see us (searching sound) expressing our love#why not ? kids are very visual these days
no#but
the lady said no#hey shut up
you shut up#ow (then) why you
(pained sound) what'd you do that for ?#because i (gets slapped) ow you
(gets slapped) ah#(gets slapped) ow
(gets slapped) (pained sound)#(gets slapped) ow
(gets slapped) (pained sound)#(gets slapped) ow
(fed up) i am sleeping in the bathtub#why you little
she is such a butthole#(dawning) we are free your mother set us free
(dawning) we are free your mother set us free#(spins) woo hoo
do not celebrate too much#(confused sound)
that is right it is me judge harm through the magic of fiber optics#(nervously) heyyy how 'bout that ? ha ha
quiet tubsy you violated my order#but constance it only happened because
(drops knife) no#wait i am to blame judge you see i was pressuring my wife to make love in front of our son you are gonna laugh when you hear this when suddenly
(to homer and marge) you two need to wake up and smell the java and the first step is to admit that you are bad parents#(quickly) i admit it
you are so busy thinking up crazy ways to punish people you can not see how much i love my kids#your honor i'd like to be tried separately
(pained sounds)#sorry
(pained sounds)#dammit
not yet no today the judge wants you to bend over so people can spank you from their cars#well that explains the sign
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#you know we could get out of these stupid things if you would just tell the judge you are a bad mother and you do not even have to say "bad" it could be "negligent" or "unfit" or "druggedup"
(heartfelt) i just can not do that homer it is a matter of principle and i need you to support me in this#you are right it is time to stand up to that firmbreasted judge
int flanders garage  continuous)#easy easy
i want goggles too#(concerned) shhh you will wake up flanders
ahh#(chuckles) hey marge surf's up
you are using my table saw to violate a court order ?#well we tried all those other tools (points)
(wincing sound then) gee i always like to help you homer but i do not want to be an accessory to some sort of shady doin's and it does raise a whole host of ethical questions such as#woo hoo
ext springfield  street  that night)#now time for "operation judgegetbackat"
if that costume shop knew we were using these burglar outfits for real they'd be furious#okay she lives at (checking piece of paper) one ocean view drive let's start skulking
okay she lives at (checking piece of paper) one ocean view drive let's start skulking#(relieved) it is only the milkman hey maybe i should be a milkman
(firm) concentrate homer#(puzzled) this address must be wrong
no no there it is (points)#she lives in a houseboat ? wow she is so cool
(reminding) we hate her homer#i know i know (holds up fist perfunctory) fight the power
let's do this thing#(gasp) cops
ext houseboat  a minute later)#(bitterly) look at her in there washing her body
and help me with this banner#(giggles) i hate to call a judge dirty names but there is only one way to describe a nasty super witch like her
(startled noise)#oh it is just a friendly seal
(loud angry seal barks)#(worried) shutuuuup
she is gonna find us#(praying) oh lord guide this cinder block
homer no#uhoh
my house#(casual) hey how ya doin' ?
(seething) that quilt was made by my grandmother#("it is worth a try") so it cost you nothin'
(raise hands dutifully) we promise#(big relieved sound) that was close
(pained sound) please drive off me#(charles nelson reilly sound)
(oblivious) what is that noise ?#just the radio dear
int simpson kitchen  day  continuous)#(loud chuckle)
what are you reading homie ?#the bridge column (chuckling) oh that south you never know what he will do next (turns the page shakes head) hm aw look at that dad in "drabble" he is like an unfunny version of me
that is odd he is outside digging#(shrugs) probably digging for drugs
there is no drugs out there#no of course not
ext simpson back yard  a little later)#do not worry marge i will find out what he is up to kids should not have secrets
do not worry marge i will find out what he is up to kids should not have secrets#(mock surprise stagily) oh hello young man beautiful day for digging is not it ?
yep#(awkward beat) yeah uh digging for anything in particular ?
nuhuh#("clever") so i guess you would not mind if i was to dig a hole of my own
go for it#maybe i will
what is stopping you ?#very little
very little#(pained sounds) i am having chest pains
(pained sounds) i am having chest pains#where is the defibrillator ?
where is the defibrillator ?#clear
clear#(relieved sigh)
(relieved sigh)#this thing pays for itself
int moe's  evening  continuous)#yes eventually i became king of the morlocks
but morlocks are from the future#you callin' me a liar carl ?
yeah how'd you know the chinese were spyin' on ya ?#oh i just naturally assumed
ext alley behind moe's  a little later)#woo hoo
ah quitcher bellyaching coffee boy you are lucky i let ya in here#geez moe you have been a real crank lately
you take that back#now ya see that is what i am talkin' about you are always pointing that shotgun at us
(lowers gun) but can you blame me ? every day it is the same old routine i serve you drinks you yak on and on and on and i never get one stinkin' tip#maybe we'd tip you if you would smile once in a while
ah who am i kiddin' ? i ain't smiled for real since i nailed that rat with the ice pick ha remember that ?#that was an amazing throw
ahh how did i lose my passion for the job ? when i was in bartending school i thought i had the world by the jigger#hey where'd that painting come from ?
but who'll run the bar while you are gone ?#ooh ooh pick me
 and if anybody wants potato chips or anything fancy tell 'em to go to hell#can do now do not you worry about a thing
can do now do not you worry about a thing#(giggles)
hey what are you doin' ? i gotta pay for that#no moe you have got it all wrong people buy beer from you
(exasperated sigh) all right look ii gotta go#(matteroffact) i thought you said you had to go
ext moe's  day  establishing)#man when is the last time moe cleaned this ?
hey homer do you mind if i bring in some outside food ?#oh i do not know what would moe say about that ?
oh i do not know what would moe say about that ?#(slyly) but on the other hand moe's not here
(to guys) sorry sorry#(good natured) for what ? (walking toward jukebox) a little splattered food never hurt anybody (jubilant) now everybody shut up and dance
hey what happened to the music ?#do not worry you gotta hit it just right like fonzie
do not worry you gotta hit it just right like fonzie#ayyy
ayyy#oh whoa hemorrhageamundo
are you gonna be okay ?#(still cool) ayyy
int moe's bar)#yello ?
but where are the bar stools ?#(excited) ooo bart (realizing) my first prank call what do i do ?
just ask if anyone knows ollie tabooger#i do not get it
(annoyed deliberate) yell out "i will eat a booger"#what is the gag ?
ext street  the next morning)#(singing) i am a walkin' down the street gonna open moe's bar / i am a singin' what i am thinkin' / (looking at dog) hey look at that dog
(singing) i am a walkin' down the street gonna open moe's bar / i am a singin' what i am thinkin' / (looking at dog) hey look at that dog#(puzzled) huh ?
(puzzled) huh ?#(horrified sound) teenage vandals smashing the bar moe's gonna kill me
hey homer#you dirty teen
(being hit sounds) hey homer stop stop it is me geez (takes off hardhat)#(incredulous) moe ? wrecking moe's bar ?
(incredulous) moe ? wrecking moe's bar ?#wow well i (nervous giggle) i almost fainted but then i did not (looking around upset) what are you doing ?
my professor said if i prettied up this dump it would renew my zeal#and it would look pretty too
i am formico the dean of design#hi formico
ah ah ah my name must never be spoken#sorry (to moe) he seems nice
int simpson dining room  a few days later  evening)#(sad) it is not fair just when i was getting to be the world's greatest bartender it is all snatched away
(sad) it is not fair just when i was getting to be the world's greatest bartender it is all snatched away#freshen your drink pal ?
just leave the bottle#there you go doll
there you go doll#look buddy i do not care where you go but you can not sleep here
wow check out the new moe's#(impressed noise) wow it looks like an alien headquarters could not you just see aliens runnin' out of there ? could not ya ? (notices guys are gone) hey wait up
uh looks like a long wait to get in#not for friends of moe's
(holding clipboard) is your name on the list ?#do not you know who i am ?
it is okay cecil they are vips#(to doorman) cecil is a girl's name
yeah ya like it homer ?#um the rabbits are cute
ain't it trippy ?#ah whatever just give me a duff
we do not serve duff no more we got a malaysian beer that is better than duff it is made outta soy sauce#ah whatever just give me a duff
(excited) models ? ha oh boy#okay look cool
this is creative design run amok#that is it
that is it#i am gonna tell moe exactly what i think of his (hyperventillating sounds)
i am gonna tell moe exactly what i think of his (hyperventillating sounds)#(relieved breathing)
and "penis" is russian for#(firm) moe we want our bar back
eh you would be having a great time if you would stayed in your dark spot#oh so you are ashamed of us well you have turned into a big phony
(sputters) is it ? oh well that is it that is (calling bouncers) dagmar julian (in homer's face) throw this bum out#(in moe's face) i will throw myself out thank you
(in moe's face) i will throw myself out thank you#(calling back inside) i believe i had a hat
(calling back inside) i believe i had a hat#suckers
whatcha doin' dad ?#i think it is pretty obvious i am turning our garage into a tavern (bitterly) the kind moe's used to be
this is pretty far to go just to spite moe#it is not about spite it is about petty revenge and getting back at that traitor moe now help me nail up this urinal
it is not about spite it is about petty revenge and getting back at that traitor moe now help me nail up this urinal#beautiful
running a bar is a fulltime job and you do not even do your fulltime job#but when i am passionate about something i see it through to the end
i will not drink at moe's / homer's old garage is all i need / i will not drink at moe's#'cause moe's a big jerk and a shemale too
that calls for another beer#barkeep
i thought this was gonna be your bar#it is the family bar right kids ?
can we go to bed now ?#as soon as you finish cutting up those lemons
but you are not even using them#(to patrons) she is so sleepy she does not know what she is saying hee hee
int simpson garage  continuous)#(over music) we are rockin' great
(over music) how'd you get rem to play in your garage ?#(loud whisper) i told them it was a benefit they think they are saving the rainforest
what the you can not open your own bar#seems to me i already did
(upset) but it is illegal you can not run a bar in a private residence#(cockily) bar ? i see no bar this is a hunting clubwhich is permitted by state law (quoting from law book) "to serve beverages of a refreshing nature"
(to homer) you lied to us#(scream)
ah here we go it also says "a licensed hunting club must actively engage in the sport of hunting"#which i will be doing tomorrow morning smart guy
hunting ? dad no#(gritted teeth) lemons
it is not fair dad why should an animal die just because you and moe are fighting ?#it is the law my hands are tied
it is the law my hands are tied#(checking food) okay cranberry sauce stuffing potatoes (calling slyly) come on turkey join your friends
do you really think the turkey's just gonna climb onto the plate ?#i would
you do ? then i like you too here have a towelette#(calling) here turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey
(calling) here turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey turkey#nobody's gonna kill you
ext forest  another area  later)#all right turkey where are you ? turkeys the only animal smarter than man
all right turkey where are you ? turkeys the only animal smarter than man#what the hell is that ?
(gobbles)#(short gasp) a turkey
(gasp) you did it moe#(gasp) a cougar die cougar
(cry of pain) my leg aww geez#(proudly) got that cat right in the leg
dad you shot moe#oh no this time i really am gonna faint
oh no this time i really am gonna faint#son of a
exactly#i am sorry i shot you moe
aw i am glad you two are friends again so we can all have thanksgiving dinner together in this bar#(noticing band) hey who invited the hippies ?
i did you owe rem an apology for ecofraud#(reluctant) all right i am sorry (bitter) but i will not save the rainforest
oh come on bart smell those curds (sniffs satisfied sigh) mmmmm curds#and i am thankful i get to spend thanksgiving with my family these alternative rockers and my favorite bartender
ah here you go pal (gives homer a beer)#and here you go
fortune cookie#ah and now to read my fortune (reading) "geese can be troublesome" what the hell is that supposed to mean ?
geese cause problems#well i knew that before i came in here a guy outside told me that
"every house has a bathroom"#oh these fortunes are terrible
is there a problem ?#these fortunes are terrible they are supposed to predict stuff and ease you through times of doubt and sickness
well with all due respect sir i suppose you could come up with better fortunes ?#(confident sound) easy
(challenging) well ?#"you will be aroused by a shampoo commercial"
show them#(casually confident) okay let's see "the price of stamps will climb ever higher"
please yung mee was a hack compared to this guy#let's see "you will invent a humorous toilet lid" "you will find true love on flag day" "your store is being robbed apu" are you getting all this lisa ?
(reading) "you are a real winner" (impressed sound) that fortune really nailed me and my winning ways#(gleeful noise)
i am sorry monty#(calling) stop that dog it has my gum
look there is one of my young chums now (calling to homer) you there#(scared) yes mr burns
(to homer) tell my young sweetheart here of our youthful exploits#ummm
play along chubsy there is a pie in it for you#(getting it) (gasps then to gloria) oh yeah monty's a wild man yeah
(getting it) (gasps then to gloria) oh yeah monty's a wild man yeah#oh he ran his own casino stole the loch ness monster got shot by a baby and blotted out the sun
(unsure) well#c'mon he is a total player
where did you get that pie ?#(mouth full) windowsill
(confused sound) new underpants ? (suspicious) homer what are you up to ?#burns wants me to come along on his date to show him where hip young people go
(playful) well do not look too hip you do not want that girl falling for you (laughs)#(concerned) you are right
(concerned) you are right#(satisfied) these would stop joan collins herself
(uneasy sound) (snapping out of it) d oh uh constantly when we are not being kicked out for our rowdy youthful behavior (to homer) eh pally ?#yep no one's rowdier and more youthful than old man burns
(to homer low) put my hand on her knee#(low) yes mr burns
i said her (more annoyed) and i said knee#oh sorry
i am going to make such love to you that oh you will forget all about rudolph valentino turn left here#(exhausted) no problem
all right you are dismissed i will take it from here#but mr burns you are exhausted
oooh see you tomorrow night simpson#(considering noise)
int simpson house  night)#(slavering sounds)
(chuckles then proud to homer) did you hear that ? that "excellent" was (tenting fingers more burnslike) excellent#can i have some ice cream ? i finished my pizza
back in a moment my dear we have to uh uh (thinks of excuse) expel some urine#you are going to ask her to marry you ?
is not it wonderful ? i am head over heels in love#are you sure you wanna do this so fast ?
monty it is beautiful#(excited like a teenage girl) oh my god oh my god oh my god
my ring#let go of her or i will scream
let go of her or i will scream#(short scream)
int burns' car  driving through springfield  day)#(casual) well this is my house ah
uhun#(muttering) ohh geez i just wanted to escape
do not say that baby i am gonna win you back if i have to pistol whip this guy all night#(nervous) pistol whip ?
(nervous) pistol whip ?#mmm pistol whip
int snake's hideout  moments later)#(impressed) wow who do you have to kill to get a place like this ?
i think his name was gustafson#(pained sound)
(been there) let me guess now you are going to start working him over with the brass knuckles you are so predictable#you know what would be surprising ? a foot massage
(skeptical sound) wow you do not get it#um has the ship sailed on my foot massage suggestion ?
um has the ship sailed on my foot massage suggestion ?#(pained sound)
i swear i can change gloria i am taking classes in computer fraud#hmm (chuckles)
i do not like bothering people at home#(to self sly) good fire good fire keep burning almost there
(to self sly) good fire good fire keep burning almost there#just a little more
just a little more#(scream)
(as they walk) i know you have been through a lot ma'am but we need you to stand in front of the burning house and say "channel 6 is hot hot hot"#wow mr burns how did you do that ?
(heartfelt) never forget homer there is no muscle stronger than the human heart#what about the wiener ? a guy on tv lifted a can of paint with his
(confused sputtering) i do not get it simpson i am a bad boy#oh i know
what do i have to do ? grow a devil beard ?#you mean a van dyke ?
(smitten sigh) burly you are so rugged and manly#(whining) marge a bee almost stung me today i felt the wind go right by my ear (whiny sounds)
fantasize marge fantasize about burly#ooo that is quite a hug honey
ooo that is quite a hug honey#hey you are looking at that spokesjack well i can fantasize too
hey you are looking at that spokesjack well i can fantasize too#(aroused) ooo mama celeste (bob hope growl)
homer i will tell you what i told redford  it ain't gonna happen#(disappointed groan)
(as she types) "dear burly comma i have never written to a registered trademark before are you a real person or just a composite question mark ? in either case i would love a signed photo sincerely marge simpson"#"love" ? (gasp) "signed photo" ? marge has not asked me for a signed photo in months well i will show her
(impressed) persontoperson ?#(leadingman voice) hello this is chad sexington the model for burly paper towels
(gasp fans herself) how did you get my number ?#(confidently) i do not know but i was quite moved by your letter i'd love to meet you and your family shall we say dinner ?
(flustered) oh my goodness#(firmly) perfect i will be there at seven
(chuckles) playing a prankeroo eh ?#i was having a private conversation with my wife in the guise of chad sexington do you mind ?
int simpson house  living room  day)#(coy) so how was your day ? did anything unbelievable happen ? phone calls things of that nature ?
you are not going to believe it that paper towel lumberjack is coming here for dinner tonight#tonight ? well you better get your hopes up
(humming)#that is him
oh my god#why look it is chad sexington
now you have done it you really humiliated mom#it was hard on me too i had to wear a suit (off lisa's disapproving look) oh you are right i have gotta make it up to her
i suggest dinner and a show#how about benihana where dinner is the show ?
how about benihana where dinner is the show ?#no huh ?
(cheered up) i guess it was a pretty funny prank i like the ones where nothing catches on fire#yeah (smiles) nothing is hurt except feelings
hey smart move foureyes sittin' next to skeletor here makes you look like hercules#(laughing zapping gesture) zing (to bart sotto) what is a skeletor ?
is anyone here not a downer ? anyone ?#(standing up waving) do me do me
(standing up waving) do me do me#(in a trance and in a hurry) i am in your power boss me around
when i snap my fingers you will transform into a famous historian (snaps fingers)#look at me i am a famous historian out of my way
thank you now you are emily dickinson (snaps fingers)#look at me i am angie dickinson (runs around mesmerino) out of my way
now you are a young boy ah yourself at twelve years old (snaps fingers)#(twelveyearold voice) i am twelve years old i am with my friends it is a beautiful summer day at the old swimming hole oh my god (screams)
ah yes yes um#(relieved) oh that is better (starts screaming again)
ext pimento grove night club  moments later)#(screaming) here you go
oh no#(muffled screaming)
well is anything coming back to you ?#huh ? (chuckles) there have been so many classic simpson moments i remember that time i tried to jump over springfield gorge
try to remember back when you were twelve something frightening must have happened#(stroking chin) hm twelve well i remember i used to go hiking a lot with these two guys with these two guys
ext railroad tracks  field  day (early 70's))#it was one of those lazy summer days you thought would last forever and to kill the boredom we sang
and there is your whatchamacall repressed trauma i mean who likes getting muddy ? it is terrible okay let's go to moe's now#wait a minute i remember falling in the mud (thoughtful) but i do not think that is why i have been screaming
fine crap all over my theory#something else happened in that quarry something else
ext rock quarry  day (flashback))#hey come on (poking noises)
you found a corpse when you were twelve ? no wonder you have been so traumatized (she hugs him)#(sobbing) it is responsible for everything wrong in my life  my occasional overeating my fear of corpses (sobs)
(hurt) oh okay well we will just be going then#oh hey you guys can come with us
(surprised) oh (passive) oh okay well uh i will see ya#bye moe
int car  continuous)#(chuckles) yep the old quarry is just a stone's throw away
stop saying that dad#(adamant) never
ext woods  evening)#this is it this is the old quarry
maybe we should come back in the daytime#someone's yellow belly is showing
ah heck it is just an old shopping cart#(sadly) and it is empty (covering eyes distraught) put it back i do not wanna see it this way
it is the body#and someone has eaten the flesh (looking around accusing)
ext drainage pipe  a little later)#now do you believe dead rats float lisa ?
with this film#(quickly) ooh a movie i call the couch
(quickly) ooh a movie i call the couch#(laughs)
ha busted#(on couch eating popcorn) now the movie's turned into a play (quickly eats handful) still good though
int simpson house  living room  night)#well marge we solved the case of the haunted quarry
homer should not we give that skull to mr smithers ?#why ? he'd just bury it
(disappointed) oh well you wanna take a look at it anyways uh just for hahas ?#seems kinda pointless now
okay this is a number six from somebody's address or is it a nine ? you do not know uh this is gravel okay ? gravel this is uh that is more gravel okay oh this is a shell that to me  this is just me talkin' it looks like a helmet for a mouse now that sounds crazy right but if you ask a mice about it they do not say nothin' i mean they run the other way at first i was just fishin' with the helmet thing but then from the mouse's reaction i got i got a little more concerned#did you really make that envelope ? 'cause it says hammermill over here
you know it is#(singing) when you have a ribeye steak / you must floss it / oh that meatloaf tasted great / you must floss it / now floss it floss it good
hey dad will you help me build this model rocket ?#just a second son i have gotta put on my contacts
i did not know your dad was so interested in science#(alarmed) science ?
uh he did not say science (covering) he said "pie pants"#mmmm pie pants
mmmm pie pants#this is launch master homer counting down five four three
this is launch master homer counting down five four three#(dazed) two one (woozy noise)
(cockney voice) over here guv'nor#the word "unblowupable" is thrown around a lot these days but i think i can say with confidence
the word "unblowupable" is thrown around a lot these days but i think i can say with confidence#okay that shows you what could potentially happen
okay that shows you what could potentially happen#(gasp) what was that ?
wow did you see that yaw control ?#(bitterly) i have eyes do not i ?
(bitterly) i have eyes do not i ?#i would really like to thank you nerds for helping me out
well then could you stop calling us nerds ?#dweeb wonk spaz it is all good
(excited nerd noises)#super now if you will gather around i'd like to say a few words (announcing) all nerds clear the launch area
super now if you will gather around i'd like to say a few words (announcing) all nerds clear the launch area#now all we need is our astronaut bart where is america's newest hero ?
oh that is sensible#(solemn) son we are about to break the surly bonds of gravity and punch the face of god
(solemn) son we are about to break the surly bonds of gravity and punch the face of god#five four three two one countdown
dad the rocket's off course#okay nibbles you can guide her down step one right in front of you is a blue handle pull for a controlled burn of two point four seconds
now it is headed for the church#do not worry i planned for this
this is the worst thing you have ever done#you say that so much it is lost all meaning
why does jesus have a lasso ?#'cause he is all man
that is it#(loud whisper) quiet lisa everyone in the store is looking at you
(upset) oh no#(stricken) i do not know how to feel
you should be very upset#(upbeat) got it (then anguished wail)
(upbeat) got it (then anguished wail)#(anguished wail then) how was that ?
a little much#(smaller anguished wail)
int simpson house  kitchen  morning)#so you think you know better than this family huh well as long as you are in my house you will do what i do and believe what i believe so butter your bacon
mom dad my spiritual quest is over#hold that thought (to bart) bacon up that sausage boy
i am a buddhist#wha ? that is it no more chat rooms for you
just do it do it do it now#i think this tree could use an angel
i think this tree could use an angel#it is go time
well santa can take it back because i am not ruled by material desi (excited gasp) is that a pony ?#(coyly) i do not know what santa left you i just know his name is clipclop and he loves sugar
more sugar please#bag's in the kitchen
ext simpson front yard  christmas morning)#i did it i found our dog (hugs santa's little helper chuckles) now our christmas is complete
(yawn) yeah i wanted to spend christmas with you guys#so you are back on the winning team ?
uh huh#that is all i ever asked
int simpson living room  continuous)#(chuckle) a grizzly bear with a chainsaw now there is a killing machine
oh we'd better stay inside at least until the squirrels stop melting#no problem there is plenty of activities inside
he smelled like puke#the tv
the tv#(louder scream of anguish)
(louder scream of anguish)#(even louder scream of anguish)
(even louder scream of anguish)#(loud scream of anguish)
(loud scream of anguish)#(louder scream of anguish)
(louder scream of anguish)#quit trying to control me
hey where'd they go ?#new shooter
(sadistic chuckle) that is it baby welcome to marvin gardens#(smugly) oh we will see about that
(smugly) oh we will see about that#(counting) one two three (annoyed grunt)
(examining money) you are a little light here dad#i am good for the rest you know i am
well i'd like to trust you homer but you have been in jail three times#(bitterly) they told me it would be like this on the outside
who else is gonna take care of her ? (scornful) dad ?#why you little
and we carried it out as a family#police brutality (eats taffy happily) and chewtality (eats more taffy pleased sounds)
(chuckle)#(chuckle) you got that right
take it back take it back#(under breath taunting) stanford
hello i am gabriel#(gasp) a heavenly choir you must be an angel
(chuckles) no that is my pager i am a social worker i am here to help you stop fighting and become a family again#no you are an angel like denzel washington in "the preacher's wife" or will smith in "bagger vance" or slimer in "ghostbusters"
(to gabriel apologetic) sir we know you are not an angel my husband sees too many movies#do not blame me blame tinseltown and its second golden age (dreamy) may it never end
ext moe's  evening  establishing)#okay gabriel this is a "bar" it is where i go to drink "alcohol" which is the mortal equivalent of your ambrosia
(angry) homer i am not an angel#well not with that temper
well not with that temper#(drunk) look the thing about my family is there is five of us (counting deliberately on fingers) marge bart girlbart the one who does not talk and the fat guy how i loathe him
ext clearing  day)#okay why are we in the woods ? ("thinks he is got it") is this heaven ?
homer your problem is quite simple you are a drunken childish buffoon#(finishing his thought) which is society's fault because
it is your fault homer but i have got an exercise that will help all of you break out of the roles you are stuck in who feels like lunch ?#me / right here / oh me too / please
you will just have to cooperate#cooperate ? (dismissive sound then offended) this is one family that does not swing that way
and plenty of beer#gimme that beer
we have got to do something but what ?#okay family huddle
okay family huddle#(hushed) here's how it is gonna go down as a family we drive away we cover for each other  as a family it is what gabriel would have wanted
look we can not fall into old patterns we have gotta think of a plan#(hushed) okay but talk like this
(hushed) fine i will talk like this#(loudly) what ?
ext gorge  lower level  a few minutes later)#look gabriel we are learning to work together
ext log in gorge  continuous)#(yelp of fear)
give them the food#oh no the roast beef is making them stronger  and the falafel is making them angrier
give them the beer it will impair their motor skills#(defiantly) no i will never (examines beer) oh wait it is blatz
(defiantly) no i will never (examines beer) oh wait it is blatz#(impressed) hey they are all right
we are family#(sings) wolves and cougars ate our roast beef
well i think you all did great you broke out of your normal roles to accomplish something as a family i have really earned my wings#i knew it
you know we have been through some two hundred and eighty adventures together but our bond has never been stronger#yep our family is as functional as all get out
ext car  continuous)#oh it is the woman i married in vegas
homer and ned you may now kiss your brides#(drunk) give it to me baby
homer#it is okay we are married
you and ned married a couple floozies ?#marge i am sorry but it wasn't my fault liquors drunkened me
if i had known there were loose women in las vegas i would never have let you go#look i did marry her but i abandoned her (desperate) amber tell her how i abandoned you
(coldly) get out homer#(tugs collar makes nervous gurgle) look i married her but that is as far as we went we never ever made whoopee  or even mouth whoopee
ext simpson house  day)#you can not kick me out it will cause a miscount in the census a miscount
int tree house  night)#of all the things that have ever come back to bite me in the ass this is the worst
of all the things that have ever come back to bite me in the ass this is the worst#please just leave me alone
now now momma's gonna make you a snack#(hungrily/lustfully) oh yeah oh that is good oh do not stop oh yeah
int simpson house  master bedroom  continuous)#faster faster faster oh you do that like a pro
oh no she is making him a sandwich#use both hands
ext simpson house  back yard  later that night)#(panicky sounds) can not panic must remain calm
(panicky sounds) can not panic must remain calm#ah the sweet couple of seconds before i remember why i am sleeping on the lawn
ah the sweet couple of seconds before i remember why i am sleeping on the lawn#(hopeful) marge you are speaking to me
why do not you come inside and we will talk ?#(hopeful) talk about what ? sports ? bigamy ?
bigamy#not a sports fan huh ?
you insensitive jerk maybe this family would be better off without you#you know there are only so many times i can say i am sorry and still mean it
why do not you just take britney beers and get outta here#i would if it wasn't for the kids
we had a good run#(dusting hands) well that is the last we will see of them come on we are goin' to moe's
int moe's  night)#my lady's glass is empty moe bring her another cookies 'n' creme martini
(admiring) gee homer your new wife is great her lips look like nightcrawlers#(bragging) you know she could put that mole anywhere on her face
wowww#to amber who proves there are seconds in the buffet of life
(drunk) oh sure (to grampa) he paid for the hour (drunk chuckle)#woo hoo
ext springfield library  day)#(scoffs) a library selling books ? if i do not want 'em for free why would i want to pay for 'em ?
why do you always wait 'til we arrive to complain ?#(thinking) i do not know
(selling) it is got pictures of deformities#(pouty but interested) okay
(pouty but interested) okay#oh my god (flips page) wow now that is a goiter
it was originally published to settle arguments in taverns#(quickly) she said "tavern" i am going to moe's
all right (punches palm) outside#peace my people all shall be looked up (flips through the book) let's see most clothespins swallowed inserted here we go clipped to face and neck one hundred and sixteen
wow that is the best book i have ever seen#(checking book) no the best book you have ever seen is tom clancy's "op center"
int simpson kitchen  morning)#ooh here's a good one the world's most overrated saint
(bored) francis of assisi #(disappointed moan) i have used up all these records
why do not you try to set a record dad ?#that is a great idea do you think i could run a mile in three and a half minutes ?
only on mars#the simpsons are goin' to mars so pack your or maybe i will think of something else
int duff brewery  waiting room  day)#you are a cinch to be world's fattest man
int duff world records office  a little later)#i am here to break a world record what is the longest anyone's ever done this ? (dances goofily and yodels)
(dismissive) three years#(disappointed noise) fine i will just play the banjo with this cobra
(disappointed noise) fine i will just play the banjo with this cobra#wait wait wait
uh technically the cobra would get the record he is the one playing#(whiny) but it is my banjo
mr simpson there are thousands of people like you with no discernible talent#yeah they are called "congress" (chuckles)
shut up#okay
all the individual records were set by crackpots who halfkilled themselves the only way someone new can get in the book is with some kind of group stunt#group stunt ?
like that town that made the world's largest omelet#denver ?
ext town square  day)#fellow springfielders i have called you all here so we can enter the duff book of world records
(puzzled murmurs) / what is he talking about ?#we are going to build the world's tallest human pyramid
i have not seen this much flesh since elke sommers' hottub party (chuckles) seriously elke's great always there for sick kids doin' great things#(supervising) okay lemme check the specs
(supervising) okay lemme check the specs#wow my vision is coming to life
ext town square  later)#mmhm
mmhm#all right i will make a base camp here and try for the summit tomorrow
yeah dad you can be the world's laziest stunt organizer#why you little
(disappointed groans)#wait a minute
wait a minute#ha ha we did it springfield rules
springfield is the world's fattest town#woohoo in your face milwaukee
haw haw#now that everyone's so open about being fat i can finally stop sucking in my gut
(murmur) you kids do eat a lot of sugar but at least homer can have a nice healthy grapefruit#yeah you can not improve on nature
(annoyed murmur) if you looked up meaniebeaniefofeanie in the dictionary you would see his picture#wait you went to a sugar factory ? were there oompaloompas ?
there was one in a cage but he wasn't moving#(disappointed moan)
(surprised) oh hello homer#well well if it is not the woman who is too busy saving the world to save her own marriage
what are you talking about ? is that dinner ?#it was dinner
why did not you just turn off the oven ?#(sobs) i was hoping we could do that together
silence i rule in favor of marge simpson#(to marge) oh i am so proud of you
and thanks to marge's simpson's damning evidence i hereby ban all sugar products from springfield  forever#get in the car
int simpson house  living room  day)#thank you erin chocosnitch (indicates bart and lisa) that was a group effort
i was just trying to make this a healthier place to live#well good work bluehair 'n' brockowitch (beat) okay that was mine
mud pies bite 'ems clairios chew 'ems kellogg's allfudge big red snack foam milk chuds eat 'ems#(woozy noise)
int kwikemart  day)#(pacing anxious noises) nothing left nothing left (more anxious noises)
(pacing anxious noises) nothing left nothing left (more anxious noises)#ooh ooh a sticky spot
mr simpson you are licking blood and vaporub#part of me knew that
(clears throat) there is a small group committed to bringing sugar back to this town by any means necessary#i am with you all the way but first
ext lard lad donut shop  night)#(head off screen) cool should i take off my shoes ?
int lard lad  a little later)#cool
gentlemen i have found the final member of our cabal#count fudgeula ? i thought you wanted to get off the stuff
homer we need you to help us smuggle in sugar from south of the border#oh you mean tennessee ?
there is the island#(woozy noises then) i am only doin' this one more time
i think he is grossedout by some seaweed#(over walkietalkie) eww i touched it over
get a grip simpson you are doing fine now do you have your map ?#(over walkietalkie) kinda
(over walkietalkie) kinda#come on give it (then) i know i will try reverse psychology (to toucan) i do not want that stupid map
come on give it (then) i know i will try reverse psychology (to toucan) i do not want that stupid map#(annoyed grunt)
(spanish accent) okay man there is the sugar now you give us the money#that wasn't part of the deal (laughs)
well we are almost home#has everyone keistered their personal supply ?
has everyone keistered their personal supply ?#(covering) 'cause (chuckle) i sure have not
surrender or prepare to be sunk#no way we will defy you to the death
no i am having one#remember what i told you about running away from your troubles ?
yeah#(grimly) let's do it
(grimly) let's do it#(gasps)
good work simpson#before i bring the sugar in i want to see the oompaloompa
ext waterfront  another area  continuous)#(to bart) that guy is freaky (to motherloving) well here's your sugar
do not listen to her homer#(aggravated noises)
(aggravated noises)#(torn) oh they both make such good arguments
(sadly) mm i guess you just can not use the law to nag maybe i should just stop trying to change the world#no marge i love when you do that you are a regular carin' alotovich
(touched noise) that is the best one#that is what i told lisa
ext simpson house  backyard  day)#ah there is nothin' better than relaxin' with my favorite magazine
ah there is nothin' better than relaxin' with my favorite magazine#(gasp) ooh they are showing the filling now (looks around guilty sound) can they do that ?
(gasp) ooh they are showing the filling now (looks around guilty sound) can they do that ?#what the hell is that ?
what the hell is that ?#(looking around) rainbows tank tops empowerment (putting it together) this is the gay pride parade woo hoo
(lisping) spoilsport#(uneasy noise)
ooh a salute to brunch wave to brunch maggie#(moans) look at those abs
(moans) look at those abs#everyone here has a six pack and i am the only one with a keg
(intrigued noises)#that is it we are outta here
ext googolplex movie theater  ticket booth  continuous)#four tickets for "shenanigoats"
(laugh)#come on show the movie
uhoh the professor said not to let him get a boner#(chuckles) i am laughing but it is a laugh of impatience show the movie
(chuckles) i am laughing but it is a laugh of impatience show the movie#(moan)
(moan)#so many previews so many previews so many previews
so many previews so many previews so many previews#(excited gasp)
if that is a phrase you like to hear then you will love moviecall#(anguished screams)
(anguished screams)#(pleading) start the movie
int movie theater  continuous)#stop the madness start the movie
i prefer to egg him on (calling to homer) hey dad has the movie started yet ?#(roars)
(calling) homer you are going to get in trouble#i am not scared of those ushers what are they gonna do ? advance on me ?
(grimly) this ends here#(short scared noise)
litter is my most treacherous foe i would like to eat its children#so long suckers
so long suckers#(small pained noises)
(small pained noises)#(pained) my mouth my beautiful mouth
homer you have suffered a broken jaw#(through jaw wiring) broken jaw ? (moans)
(taking pamphlet) oh dear you can not eat solid foods (to hibbert) those are his favorites#(extremely upset closemouthed noises)
oh do not worry on a man his size that just provides sexual release#(snarls)
(snarls)#(pleased noise)
ext simpson house  living room  a little later)#uhoh (woozy noises)
hey dad i am gonna make a human yoyo if you object clearly say "no"#(adamant closemouthed "no")
no objections eh ? oh that is great#(closedmouthed angry noises)
wait wait wait homer's tryin' to make a guess#(closedmouthed excited noises)
oh oh what are you doing ? you are gettin' some kind of booze all over#(exasperated noise)
hm now that is the kinda thing you just gotta know#(closedmouthed weeping)
(pleased noise) "how was your day ?" do you really want to know ?#(closedmouthed "uhhuh")
well let's see i was in the kitchen counting the corncobs on the curtains#(closedmouthed "uhhuh")
(chuckles then) it seems he wants to ban culottes in the schools#(angry noises)
we gotta coordinate on this thing#(closedmouthed "uhhuh")
but breaking your jaw has made you so sweet maybe we can go#mm hmm
hmm i'd better polish those jaw wires for tomorrow#(pleasured noises)
a formal the one place you can wear a tiara and not look crazy#(closedmouthed "uhhuh")
(to marge) your husband is quite the gentleman most people laugh at my googly eye#(very stifled chuckling)
this has been one of the most magical evenings of my life#(almost perfect enunciation) i am horny
(disgusted noise) homer your breath smells terrible i will have to take off my shoes to cover the odor#nicely done
ext moe's  establishing  day)#and when i could not talk i learned to listen
and when i could not talk i learned to listen#i learned so much about my family you would be surprised how much you hear if you just listen once in a while
uh hey how ya doin' ?#i was just tellin' all the guys how losing the power of speech made me a better man
(all business) i am an alcoholic homer will you appear on my show ?#sure thing alky
well he would eat all the time we'd be making love and he'd have a mouth full of hershey's miniatures#(ashamed) krackle was my favorite
(cheers)#well as much as humanly possible
he did such crazy things  roll clip#(in clip) ostrich burgers get your ostrich burgers
i will take one#okay you pick one out and i will punch it to death
okay you pick one out and i will punch it to death#(upset to ostrich) dude i thought we were friends
(upset to ostrich) dude i thought we were friends#i am not proud of that clip
do you promise not to wevive your weckless weckless ways ?#well i do not know the demolition derby is next month
please homie ? no more craziness  for me ?#well okay for you i will be as dull as dilbert
(looking around) hm all clean just the way i left it#i am gonna kill you
we are rehearsing a play#yes and i was merely reading the title "i am gonna kill you"
"i am gonna kill you"#yep nothin' to get excited about
well i will be in the kitchen if you need me#professor van doren so good to see you
this place is so dull the nineoneone button is covered with dust#i just poured myself a new glass of milk the old one sat out for a little while are you comin' to bed ?
it is seventhirty#marge i could stand here and argue with you but then i'd have to get a new glass of milk goodnight honey
the demolition derby ? that'll scratch my itch#marge ? marge is gone but at least the demolition derby form is
marge ? marge is gone but at least the demolition derby form is#what ? nooo
ext springfield civic center  night)#(thrilled) listen to all that revving
(thrilled) listen to all that revving#drivers start your engines
dad you have gotta do something#but bold moves are no longer my forte
she could get hurt#(lose "it is ?") oh what do i do ? what do i do ?
sure sonny#(invigorated sound)
(invigorated sound)#(under breath) ah this beer's deliskous i am gonna saves me wife now let's get this show on the road
(startled cry)#quit banging my wife
a man on a donkey never in my six weeks on the job have i seen the likes of this#(talking like popeye) looks like i need some fuel for me mule gas for me ass (popeye laugh)
(talking like popeye) looks like i need some fuel for me mule gas for me ass (popeye laugh)#(talking like popeye) aw looks like a little angel now to save me marge (chuckles)
this family needs a live wire but it is just not me#that is okay marge you are a good wet blanket the kind i like wrapped around me
ext evergreen terrace  continuous)#(everlouder series of snores)
ext simpson house  night)#(loud snoring mixed with curly howard "me me me" noises)
mmhmmm (more humming)#(pleased sound)
ooooh#here's to a happy wellrested marge
let's approach with caution#(chuckles) unguarded breakfasts  the sweetest taboo
pretty much yeah#(mouth full) what is goin' on ?
(hopeful to self) oho trouble in paradise#hey marge it is that guy who could not get any off ya
homer marge i have a rather delicate proposition#spill it moneybags
(chuckles) yes i do have everything but yet i often wonder what life with marge would have been like#it is like being married to my best friend and he lets me feel his boobs
homer i will give you one million dollars to let me spend a weekend alone with your wife#(interested) hm a million dollars ? (then suspicious) wait a minute how much sex would be involved ? (shakes fist) 'cause if it is "some"
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#(heavy snores then suddenly) hey marge i just thought of something
(irritated) what ?#if we had artie's money i could get that snoring surgery plus at least two of those other surgeries i desperately need
(flirtatious) besides i like some of the noises you make in bed#(knowing chuckle) one squeakingspring symphony coming up
wow homer that was amazing#(pleased) yeah i (starts snoring)
(pleased) yeah i (starts snoring)#honey did you get any sleep ?
honey did you get any sleep ?#oh i am so sorry (snoring noises)
are you snoring while you are awake ?#uh (snores) huh (snores)
ext simpson back yard  day)#okay ziff you get her for the weekend but no funny stuff
okay ziff you get her for the weekend but no funny stuff#and by funny stuff i mean handholding goo goo eyes misdirected woo  which is pretty much any john woo film
ext moe's  establishing  night)#(grandiose) this round's on me moe i got a big payday comin'
(grandiose) this round's on me moe i got a big payday comin'#yeah homer sold his wife for a million bucks
yeah homer sold his wife for a million bucks#i did not sell her i just rented her to an old boyfriend
i did not sell her i just rented her to an old boyfriend#gee a million bucks that is gonna buy him a lot of uh swings in the old battin' cage (perverted noise)
and you get more sprawl space on the bed#(worried) wait you really think marge is gonna fall for this guy ? even after i bought her that hockeyfight tape ?
yeah i can not get artie out of my head he is like a spy in the house of moe#oh god you are right i have gotta get her back before it is too late
oh god you are right i have gotta get her back before it is too late#(pants) that is enough running
ext ziff estate  continuous)#oh my god it is our high school prom and once again i have no date
oh my god it is our high school prom and once again i have no date#(sullen) hello dondelinger
you are not on the guest list simpson orders of prom king ziff (sniffs) and have you been drinking ?#(pleading) just for twentyfive years
okay#oh no if marge marries artie i will never be born (sobs)
int moe's  a little later)#oh guys it was horrible i saw marge kissing a far superior man
oh yeah make me the bad guy#my life here is over (stands up dramatic) lenny how'd you like to leave town with me and never come back ?
sounds like a plan#then it is settled we leave springfield forever
(gasp) homer was there ?#i saw something terrible and i can not even say it so i will have these two dolls do it for me
but i can explain#i am leaving you marge the next time you see my name will be in the hobo obituaries do not worry about the kids  i will drop 'em off with patty and selma
i am leaving you marge the next time you see my name will be in the hobo obituaries do not worry about the kids  i will drop 'em off with patty and selma#patty and selma ? screw that
patty and selma ? screw that#just run the camera you little
just run the camera you little#(to cam choking bart sobs) goodbye my darling
int bus  continuous)#oh it is no good everything reminds me of marge
i carved that one wonderful summer#what did carl think ?
ext highway  near oilfield  day)#do you have any jobs for a man who wants to die ? something indoorsy
i will put you on rig thirteen as soon as they burn off the corpses#this job'll be perfect i am gonna leave this world the way i entered it  dirty screaming and torn away from the woman i love
ext bottom of oil derrick  continuous)#another oil well successfully capped
(scream)#oh no this is how faceless joe lost his legs
looks like we are goners oh well circle of life#(shocked) marge ?
ain't ya comin' homer ?#why ? so i can watch my wife spend the rest of her life in the arms of another man ? i do not think so good day
but homer#we said "good day"
listen to me homer you have won you own marge's heart and that is something i could never buy#woo hoo
ext simpson house  front yard  a few hours later)#artie thanks for saving my life (then all business) now i believe there is a little matter of the million dollars
we can not take his money#(exasperated) oh i can not take his money i can not print my own money i have to work for money why do not i just lie down and die ?
(exasperated) oh i can not take his money i can not print my own money i have to work for money why do not i just lie down and die ?#(louder anguished wail)
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#i gotta hand it to artie ziff marge that little nerd saved my life
goodnight homie (kisses him)#(slightly muffled) goodnight honey
for god's sake homer give them back their flame#no the olympics have preempted my favorite shows for the last time
you can always find your favorite shows next month#(jabbing) you wait 'til next month you wait 'til next month
int simpson car  continuous)#(sighs) i am bored (looks out front window intrigued) heyyy a fair
(reading sign) "springfield preparatory school ?" dad you told me there were no private schools in springfield#but knowing about it would make you want to go here
(snooty) hello and thank you for coming to our fundraiser i am headmaster st john ("sinjin") van hookstratten#tenfour princess (points at a tent) is that your beer tent ?
tenfour princess (points at a tent) is that your beer tent ?#ow
monkeys point#(sniffles) monkeys cry
ext fair  another area)#(gleeful) wee wee wee wee
(gleeful) wee wee wee wee#sorry
ext private school grounds  later)#(giggles) hey marge watch me burn flanders (speaking as he writes) ned flanders bids fifty dollars
and the winner of the hundred dollar bill is ned flanders#(anguished wail)
no i belong here pleeeaaase#do not worry honey we can not afford this now but when it is time for college i promise my darling daughter can go to the finest school there is
do not worry honey we can not afford this now but when it is time for college i promise my darling daughter can go to the finest school there is#in south carolina
(frustrated noise) i will not be a gamecock#you will too
(struggling noises)#go gamecocks
it is so cute you are going to a little girl's house#look boy here's my advice on women do not give them nicknames like "jumbo" or "boxcar" and always get receipts  it makes you look like a business guy
do not give them nicknames like "jumbo" or "boxcar" and always get receipts  it makes you look like a business guy#what the hell is that ?
that car's as big as all outdoors#wow what kind of mileage does it get ?
(chuckle) homer i see your daughter is one of those whalekissing dukakishugging moon maidens#(to wolfcastle chuckling) yeah one time she (off lisa's look worried noise) oh she is looking at us be cool (hums nonchalantly)
int moe's  day)#(grandiose) hello gentlemen would you care to meet my new best friend
(grandiose) hello gentlemen would you care to meet my new best friend#rainier wolfcastle
ext springfield square garden  establishing)#these courtside seats are great thanks for the hookup wolfie
i just want my daughter to be happy plus you eat the pretzels i drop on the floor#that i do sir
yeah i guess#(chanting) defense defense defense (cheer)
(chanting) defense defense defense (cheer)#ouch i sat on something sharp
oh that is just lara flynn boyle#(chuckles) i have a boyle on my ass
lis women are easy state capitals are hard#(chuckles to self)
(accusing) and where were you ?#(embarrassed) cockfight
so to win greta back i have to go to toronto#canada ? why should we leave america to visit america junior ?
maggie what do you think ?#all right son we will all go  first class
dad no it says "do not walk"#does not matter they have free health care
does not matter they have free health care#(pained noise)
(pained noise)#i am rich
oh you will win her back eh and b we are closing in five minutes#would a us dollar change your mind ?
the geek shall inherit the earth#there she is boy
i do not know dad what if she is still mad at me ?#listen to me son no one loves a quitter so you go over there and you win her back
but she might say no#oh i quit there is no convincing you i am gonna take a nap
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#eh i am sick of this tarzan movie
dad it is a documentary on the homeless#oh right
(gasp) a crazy dog's trying to kill me#really ? ooh this i gotta see
really ? ooh this i gotta see#oh he just wants to make friends
oh he just wants to make friends#(degenerating into baby talk) ooh who is a good dog ? what a goody doggie oh what dee de bobo echee chee googie
(teasing) so bart when does the killing start ?#(more baby talk to dog) he is a good doggie
(soft snarls)#ooh itit ooh googie googie
ooh itit ooh googie googie#look bart sometimes dogs or people hate you for no reason
well right now i am supposed to be in school#(gleeful) just you wait
i guess you are not going to have an adventure this week#hey boy where'd you get that hat ?
buck gave it to me he is just about the greatest guy who ever lived i wanna grow up to be just like him#no kidding ? hey speaking of achievers they are thinking of spraying your old man's work space for ticks
bart sure is fond of that cow gentleman#it is just not fair this buck fella's had all the advantages horseriding lessons the finest makeup delicious studio food
aw homie you will always be my western hero#(depressed) swell
dad why are you wearing that ?#because i want to be your hero on top of which i do not look bald
gee buck your old films are as violent as today's#one of the wheels broke off my chair today (petty) but i did not make a movie about it
(sings) sir you cannot pee / unless you are an employee#(sings) can not keep it in
(sings) can not keep it in#(relieved sigh)
(whistles) boy that is some fancy shootin'#(a little pouty unimpressed sound) i have seen fancier
live from the corner of zany avenue and martin luther king boulevard it is the krusty the clown show with special guest buck mccoy and now here's krusty#oh listen to you (whiny impression) "ooh ooh i am too old to change (sobs)" how old are you ?
(upset) he is drunk#i have seen drunker
did i forget to mention i am an alcoholic ?#for shame
int simpson house  bart's room)#bart i could not help noticing buck is a total fraud so i took the liberty of creating a new hero for your wall
bart i could not help noticing buck is a total fraud so i took the liberty of creating a new hero for your wall#(sexy growl)
that is just grotesque#(hopeful) well i thought if you were looking to worship someone maybe it could be your old man ?
eh we could try it#(to self) yes
(to self) yes#my son lost his hero this should be the greatest night of my life how come i am not happy ?
you care about bart's feelings#stop saying that
seventysix#( la woody allen surprised sound) nice old man do not break a hip (woody allen noise)
buck if you walk out that door you will be branded a quitter forever#(sniffs) mmmm something smells delicious
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#i am still not givin' up on buck there must be some harebrained halfassed way
(to camera) ah please everyone stay away we do not want anyone to be a hero (dramatic) a hero (dramatic) a hero#(into phone) get me buck mccoy
ext bank  day)#here you go just stop this bank robbery and you will be a hero again i will wait in the car
are you crazy ? i am a movie cowboy and you are no howard hawks#that hurts but i just have one question do you want my son to be disappointed in you ?
fine#you do not need that
not to mention this#dad
dad#whoa there is nothing wrong with a little heyhey
buck you are my hero again#(big needy smile) are not you forgettin' someone ?
well there is krusty itchy scratchy poochie america's firefighters and then you dad#(warmly) and do not you forget it
honey i have got some bad news for you#not now marge i am waitin' for the new xfl season (excited) who will win this year's million dollar game ? who ? who ?
honey#(he is no longer holding his pennant) the "x" is for extreme
(gently) there is no xfl this year the league folded#(upset sound) who told you ?
homer your father's dead#(sobs loudly) and he never even lived to be a vegetable (sobs)
(sniffs bottle then somber) it is grampa's smell "old old spice"#oh my dad never even knew how i felt about him
but you were very open with your feelings#sure i said i loved him but never that i was "in love" with him (sobs)
me ? i ain't dead it was stimson down the hall so much for mister (mocking) "i can button my own shirt" (cocky laugh)#aw dad we have got what people never get a second chance
yeah there is so many things we can#yeah yeah yeah yeah we will call you or send you some fruit
b6#(upset) you sunk my scrabbleship
this game makes no sense#tell that to the good men who just lost their lives
tell that to the good men who just lost their lives#(choked up) semper fi
i wanna drive again#you ? no way it is too dangerous
well you are no angel behind the wheel what about your dui ?#(insulted) that was a dwi
please son driving is my last chance to feel alive#well you brought me into this world so no
fine i am dead#dad get up
woo hoo and i want driving gloves#no way
i got me a date with zelda so i need the car#oh no i am not giving you my car you will probably drive it
why do not we double date ? then the restaurant will have to give us that booth#wow a booth if i am tired i can just lie down
cut it out i can work the brakes myself#no you can not
no you can not#you are slow to react dad
dude sure got his comeuppance#(chuckles) in real life he would die
oh zelda#(sickened noise) hey watch the movie
ext simpson house  sunrise)#(grabbing car keys) give me those keys do you have any idea what you put us through ? i called the police the hospital my bookie the kennel okay this is not about who i called
(mocking) oh everybody trusts lisa precious little lisa apple of her daddy's eye#lisa does not borrow my car and stay out all night with some hoochie
grampa i gotta tell ya she is a stonecold hoochie#straight up marge (to grampa) that hoochie only likes you because you can drive
shut up you do not know her zelda loves me (screaming) i hate this house#(pounding on the door) turn that down you call that music ? i (turns to marge) i just do not know what to do
he used to be such an angel maybe you should give him another chance#no he is gotta learn marge the way my dad made me learn
he is your dad#(blown away) cosmic
(sputters) death race ?#and another thing no death races
oh my god we can not let homer know#(loud yawn)
(loud yawn)#(waking up noises then) huh ?
(waking up noises then) huh ?#(furious) oh that is it abraham j simpson you are never driving again
(furious) oh that is it abraham j simpson you are never driving again#ever
first he wrecks your car then he steals mine your father's out of control#oh sure when he does something bad he is my father
(reading) "so you have settled for branson"#we have gotta go after them
yay#uh we will wait for the next one
ext town square  day)#here we are branson missouri
son can you forgive an old fool ?#only in public
homer you got a letter (reading puzzled) hm it is from the library#overdue book ? this is the biggest frameup since oj (thinks) wait a minute blood in the bronco the cuts on his hand those jay leno monologues oh my god he did it
here's the book "classics for children ?"#oh yeah i checked that out when bart was born (dreamy) i was gonna read to him every day
(disappointed murmur)#stuff kept comin' up  mostly carrelated (bitter) piece of crap
why do not you read to us now ?#i decide who reads and when (two second pause) how 'bout now ?
i decide who reads and when (two second pause) how 'bout now ?#hm "homer's odyssey" is this about that minivan i rented once ?
no dad it is an epic tale from ancient greece#that minivan had the biggest cup holders and change slots for every coin from penny to quarter
dad i loved it too but it was seven years ago#fine (tosses picture)
fine (tosses picture)#(reads) "it was the end of the trojan war clever odysseus had come up with a plan to destroy the trojans once and for all"
hiodiddilyysseus#(to self) stupid king of troy (to flanders) i think i speak for all the greeks when i say this war has gone on for too long
i will say i'd really like to go out and get the mail#(casual) anyway over torture one of your soldiers mentioned that you collect giant wooden animals we hope you do not have a horse
int simpson house  living room  day)#(chuckles) trojans
what are you laughing at dad ?#if i am laughing at what i think i am it is very funny (chuckles) anyway (reads) "as night fell the greek soldiers crept from the wooden horse"
ext flaming ruins of troy  day)#(sweetly) now i can return to ithaca and my sweet wife penelope
odysseus do not forget to thank the gods for our victory with an appropriate animal sacrifice#forget it sacrificing animals is barbaric now have the slaves kill the wounded
you gonna be askin' that the whole trip ?#gentlemen i must be wasted 'cause it looks like that cloud is mad at me (points)
the feta is cheesy / the sirens are easy#boy if they kiss as good as they lure wow
oh where could your father be ?#almost home
(pig noises)#(sarcastic) thanks for your help with the anchor guys guys ?
(sarcastic) thanks for your help with the anchor guys guys ?#that pig looks like lenny
hey#mmm that is the next best thing to eating lenny
mmm that is the next best thing to eating lenny#(displeased noise) i am still hungry
did not you eat enough of your friends ?#(gasp then aghast) those were my friends ?
yes i have been saying that for hours#that is it i am going home which way to ithaca ?
(sings) you are my lady / of the morning / (continuing)#(anguished wail) this truly is hell
this is the face that launched a thousand ships the other way (phyllis diller laugh)#honey i am home
well look who the fates dragged in#oh i am sorry i was gone so long but i am gonna do something i have not done for twenty years  take out the trash
oh i am sorry i was gone so long but i am gonna do something i have not done for twenty years  take out the trash#sweet penelope you are just as beautiful as you were when i left
brave odysseus it has been twenty long years regale me with tales of your adventures#quit suffocating me i am going to moe's
quit suffocating me i am going to moe's#oh here's the story of joan of arc
(bitter noise) it is never joan van ark#this one takes place in a makebelieve kingdom called "france"
ext medieval french town  day)#the french were fighting the english in the hundred years war which was then called "operation speedy resolution"
int barn  continuous)#son how is it going with the breakfast pt ?
victory#(shocked) victory ? we are french we do not even have a word for it
do not burn her she is just an innocent child#burn this guy he lost our good bucket
int simpson house  living room  day)#(off book) wow
(swallows then) well it is easier to chew than that bambi video#our next story is "hamlet" by william shakespeare
(perking up) cool does he get to marry his mom ?#i do not know but that would be hot (reading) "once upon a time there was a young prince of denmark"
could that fat ghost be telling the truth ? first i have got to get uncle claudius to confess then i have gotta kill him#it is cold outside you will need a sweater (scary) a sweater
are you crazy ? i can not believe a play where every character was murdered could be so boring#son it is not only a great play but also became a great movie called "ghostbusters"
now that is what i call a "moon shot"#now that is what i call a moon shot
dad that line was in the cartoon#i am pretty sure it wasn't
our phone bill is four hundred dollars they charged us for a call to brazil#boy did you make a prank call to brazil ?
(sincerely) no sir i did not#choke on your lies
homer (he stops) they must have made a mistake we will just go down to the phone company and straighten it out#which phone company ? there are hundreds of them and they all keep changing their names (sobs)
we have been charged for calls to brazil that we did not make#we are not paying this bill
fine i will cut off your service#fine i will cut off your ponytail
homer#(loud whisper) marge it is called negotiating
int simpson house  living room  evening)#ooo fascinating
(annoyed sound) why must you fight with every utility ?#i told you i have too much time on my hands
homer we were cleaning out a cooling duct at the plant and found a box of old taco shells#(moans) why did not you call me ?
oh we tried but a recording said you were a bunch of deadbeats#(rising and punching fist in palm) that is it they have awoken a sleeping giant
(making a wish) crazy scheme crazy scheme crazy scheme#get me tools and beer
ext springfield street  day)#free service here we come
free service here we come#all right let's try the red one
all right let's try the red one#(screams then) okay i will try the green
(screams then) okay i will try the green#(screams then) let's try the red one again
(screams then) let's try the red one again#(amid screams) not again ow (then) let's try 'em together
(amid screams) not again ow (then) let's try 'em together#(scream)
(scream)#(woozy) maybe the red one
int simpson house  living room  later)#(woozy noise) how did i get here ?
(realizing) what call to brazil ?#the one i did not make and marge did not make and bart did not make and hence no one in the house made
(realizing) you made that call ? but you are the good one#(agreeing) yeah the one we both like
oh are not you sweet ? sharing your allowance with a poor brazilian boy#(panicked) do not you know the boys from brazil are little hitlers ? i saw it in a movie whose name i can not remember
he is so adorable (to homer) can we have another baby ?#(pats stomach) no way i still have not lost the weight i put on from the last one
(pats stomach) no way i still have not lost the weight i put on from the last one#(to bart) i said forget it
i am like sugar to them#(sniffling) oh that poor little boy we have got to find him
(sniffling) oh that poor little boy we have got to find him#how many people live in brazil ?
a hundred and fiftysix million#(charles nelson reilly noise)
not if we buy our tickets on the internet (holds up printout) it is really cheap if we change planes in phoenix honolulu sun city and east st louis spend a night in a haunted house and leave right now#then it is settled the simpsons are going to brazil
except antarctica#the simpsons are going to antarctica next year this year brazil
only drink bottled water do not get into an unlicensed taxi and remember they have winter during our summer#wait wait wait wait wait so in august it is cold ?
that is right#and in february it is hot ?
mmhmm#so it is opposite land crooks chase cops cats have puppies
no dad it is just the weather#so hot snow falls up ?
(givingup noise) yes#woo hoo
(very fast) ay caramba que mujer tonta veinte horas estudiar por nada#forget every word boy it is useless
(gasps) look it is the giant statue of christ on corcovado#(impressed) wow it is like he is on the dashboard of the entire country
(looking at guidebook) it says here we can get anywhere we want by taking a conga line#way ahead of you marge
way ahead of you marge#(sings to conga rhythm) take me to the hotel / my hands are on a guy's ass / boy this dude must work out
boy they sure love soccer here#look marge i am brazilian
(reading book title) "how to loot brazil ?"#(surprised noise then) i got it i got i got it
look the room came with a fruit hat#hey and a minibar hat
(sings) i am chiquita banana / and i am here to say#(sings) i will eat this toblerone / and i will not pay
while you are singing and dancing somewhere out there ronaldo is waiting to be found#(gasp) there he is it oh wait you said brown hair right ?
yeah check out the rats#ooh they look like skittles
we are never gonna find him#now lisa it is not as bleak as that (to nun) can you fly me over town to look for him ?
we nuns cannot fly#oh too much junk in the trunk eh ?
you know i am a vegetarian#but you are on vacation honey i am not wearing my wedding ring
(attack noise)#we will do our best honey now let's get goin'
we will do our best honey now let's get goin'#check please
(frank nelson voice) ah si ?#(examining check mutters) does that include tip ?
excuse me americans#(gasps) how did you know ?
i feel so european#(confused sound) mine keeps disappearing oh well
(confused sound) mine keeps disappearing oh well#(moans) i hope they are goin' somewhere good
ext beach  a little later)#okay boy let's strut our stuff (sings to "(when my baby smiles at me) i go to rio") i am in rio / and i am walking on the beach / i am in my speedo (laughs)
ext rio  openair market  later)#gimme a drink with all your sweetest brazilian fruits mixed together
(brazilian accent) here you go#sweet sweet (panicky) sweet
sweet sweet (panicky) sweet#ahhh
ext street in rio  day)#hey bart how many more places do we have to search ?
just one and it is across town#(hailing cab) taxi
my american friend i am afraid that this is a kidnapping#so that means i do not have to pay the fare
i suppose#woo hoo
i am afraid you do not appreciate the seriousness of the situation#fine take me but let the boy go
i am afraid he has already gone#(moans)
all right family who can guess what is different about dinner tonight ?#eh same old garbage (chuckle)
(a good sport) oh you two (announcing) we are eating genetically modified vegetables look how big they are#this corn does not look so big
that is baby corn#(huge) what ?
ext simpson house  evening)#(screams)
(screams)#(as he runs off) i will regroup at red lobster
(as he runs off) i will regroup at red lobster#you ain't pretty no more
you ain't pretty no more#(warmly) aw look i have made some friends (commanding) and now go do my bidding whatever it may be
int moe's tavern  evening)#so lisa says by killing their enemy i became the alphacrow
(uneasy) i gotta admit ii am kinda nervous here we have not seen barney since they enveloped him#i am sure he will turn up look here's one of his buttons
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#(pointing) there is russell crow cameron crow crow diddly hume crownyn gregory peck
(murmur) homer i am very uncomfortable having a gang of crows in our bedroom#(comforting) it is a murder honey a group of crows is called a murder
i am sleeping on the couch#drop it in do not cram it in (annoyed) oh forget it i will do it myself
drop it in do not cram it in (annoyed) oh forget it i will do it myself#awww look maggie wants to fly too
(happy giggling)#hey cut it out put her down
ext simpson back yard  day)#oh thank god you are okay
oh thank god you are okay#okay that was not cool we need to lay down some ground rules
caw caw#we will get to that right now i think we need some time apart
caw caw caw#all right that is it (picks up rake) shoo you stupid crows shoo shoo shoo
all right that is it (picks up rake) shoo you stupid crows shoo shoo shoo#(screams then calmly) that is not a worm (distressed scream)
ext springfield hospital  establishing  day)#ow ow
int dr hibbert's office  day)#i hate getting stitches in my eyes stupid crows
do not be mad at the crows homer they weren't trying to blind you they were just trying to drink your sweet sweet eye juices#(pleasantly) hm fascinating say doctor can you do something about my searing pain ?
well there is a medication although it is a little controversial#(worried) does it go in the butt ?
i am talkin' about medicinal marijuana prescription pot texas thc#look man i do not do drugs
homer for your eyes the best tonic is chronic (beat) you are not afraid are you ?#i had a bad experience with drugs
smell any drugs sgt scraps ?#for me the sixties ended that day in nineteen seventyeight
but homer you can not let a single bad experience scare you away from drugs#but is not marijuana or "dope" illegal ?
int master bedroom  five minutes later)#(reading bottle) okay let's see "toke as needed caution objects may appear more edible than they actually are"
(sniffs) it smells like the art teacher's office#(loud singing from upstairs) smoke on the water / doo doo doo doo / doo doo doo doo / doo doo doo / doo doo
ext master bedroom  continuous)#they burned down the gambling house  it died with an awful sound / i am hungry for a candy bar / i think i will eat a "mounds"
(worried noise) and now i am guilty of possession i could go to prison (sudden thought) unless i testify against you#marge it is making my eyes better and it is legal
marge it is making my eyes better and it is legal#i could walk up to the president and blow smoke in his stupid monkey face and he'd just have to sit there groovin' on it
hello ?#marge i just realized i am the "ow" in the word "now" (suddenly threatening) and if you tell anyone
hello ?#hey it is me i got marge on the other line and she is totally bumming me out
dad i thought you did not like her saxophone#i did not but now daddy's special medicine
i did not but now daddy's special medicine#which you must never use because it will ruin your life (softer) lets daddy see and hear magical things you will never experience ever
dad it is one am and i am out of saliva#shshsh
hidillyhey homer#oh my god this dude does the best flanders you got the mustache and the didilly okay now do wiggum
(uncomfortable chuckle) homer iiit is me ned#ohhohoho right the god dude hey i got a question for you
ohhohoho right the god dude hey i got a question for you#(reading serious) "could jesus microwave a burrito so hot that he himself could not eat it ?"
(thinking) well sir of course he could but then again wow as melonscratchers go that is a honeydoodle#now you know what i have been goin' through
well luckily i have got a book right here that is jampacked with answers#oh man this is long (hopeful) could you read it to me ?
(reading) "the grace of the lord jesus be with god's people the end"#wow wow god does so much for me and he does not ask anything in return
(quickly) well i know he is wishin' you would sign his petitionto recriminalize medicinal marijuana#(not listening) done and done now do wiggum
(hank azaria's voice doing wiggum) all right simpson you are under arrest see ?#i said wiggum
smithers i need someone who laughs at all my jokes you know honest feedback#oops i thought this was the can man (giggles)
well you are a happy homer what is your name young man ?#you just said it (raucous laugh)
"working hard or hardly working ?"#(hysterical laughter)
oh smithers i would have said anything to get your stem cells (to homer) now welcome aboard#you are covered with a very fine fuzz
ext simpson house  afternoon  establishing)#(giggles) hardly working
where did you get that suit ?#whoa whoa one question at a time yes you ?
look i am really starting to worry there is halfeaten cupcakes everywhere we are all out of paperclips and the curtains smell like doob#oh yeah ? well i have got news for you i just got promoted and it is all thanks to "yesicannabis"
oh yeah ? well i have got news for you i just got promoted and it is all thanks to "yesicannabis"#(gasps) we have a kitchen ?
you mutton heads this is why we can never hold down a job#look at shemp he is so high
whoahohoho hey "shemp" is "hemp" spelled backwards#and "otto" is "otto" backwards (laughs)
homie i do not mean to nag but what does this have to do with healing your eyes ?#(bitterly) as soon as i graduate i am so outta here
the marijuana recriminalization initiative took another step forward today as supporters collected the final signatures required to place it on the ballot for next tuesday's election#we gotta get out and stop that initiative marge i am gonna need ten thousand veggie burritos
thank you (reads note) and now a man who is a real pothead (potheed) i am sorry pothead homer simpson#good afternoon i want to thank you all for coming down here taking time off from your jobs
(puzzled murmur) / jobs ? / what ?#'cause we need to keep medical marijuana legal
(cheer) / yes yes#whether you suffer from glaucoma or you just rented "the matrix" medical marijuana can make things fabulous medically
whether you suffer from glaucoma or you just rented "the matrix" medical marijuana can make things fabulous medically#so my mellow fellow citizens when you go into that voting booth on tuesday the seventh
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#oh man they already voted and we lost
(disgruntled muttering)#oh man i can not believe we spaced on the date
what are we gonna do ?#well we can not just stand here staring at our hands
well we can not just stand here staring at our hands#although wow
ext simpson house  continuous)#oh i could have smoked that pot and worn that hair
homie you do not need drugs anymore your eyes are all better#(baffled) eyes ? what the hell are you talkin' about ?
homer it is over i want you to look at your children and promise them you will never do drugs again#(sincere) all right i will do it for my kids
as long as you are doin' things for me would you tie up your bathrobe when you walk around the house#never
yeah i can still crash here right ?#(coldly) get out
(chuckle) remember when i dropped my keys and (chuckles) and you thought the phone was ringin' ?#(chuckles) oh yeah (chuckles then coldly) get out
what is the matter homer ? you are drunk but you are not like sloppy drunk#going cold turkey is not as delicious as it sounds
int simpson house  dining room  night)#it is been three days and my mind is clearer my sperm count is up and i am able to recognize simple shapes and patterns
dad you just said that three minutes ago#unregardless i will no longer be a slave to this
why are you keeping that thing ?#as a reminder marge
as a reminder marge#y'ello
ahoyhoy executive vp i am putting the final touches on my speech to the investors and i need your generous guffaws#but i can not find you funny anymore
do not worry homer you do not need mary jane to laugh at mr burns' jokes just picture him naked#(three quick screams)
(stammering) or or um with with a funny hat on#(more screams)
i am going to take a bathiola when i come back you would better be laughing#this stuff can make anything funny even the show that follows friends but i promised my family i would not smoke it anymore
this stuff can make anything funny even the show that follows friends but i promised my family i would not smoke it anymore#start inhalin' waylon
this suit used to belong to judy garland ah we could sing a song if you do not mind being mickey rooney#you mean that guy on 60 minutes who yells all the time ?
(screams)#(screams)
oh mr burns you were too beautiful for this world#(hyperventilating) oh man oh man we killed mr burns mr burns is gonna be so mad
the investors' meeting is in twenty minutes#so what ? mr burns is dead
(laughter/applause)#(clapping) bill clinton everyone he is jimmy carter with a fox attitude
(clapping) bill clinton everyone he is jimmy carter with a fox attitude#and now a man you will see is definitely not dead mr montgomery burns
and now a man you will see is definitely not dead mr montgomery burns#mr burns as we are running long may we skip your speech and go directly to the questions ?
two what is that red stuff coming out of your ear ?#mr burns may i field that one ?
mr burns may i field that one ?#it is true we are losing money
it is true we are losing money#but there is no reason we can not dance dance dance the night away
(gasps)#mr burns has left the building
yes i regained consciousness during my big dance number those strings pulling me every which way jostled my heart from its slumber#and you wanted to take him to the hospital
ext skies of springfield  day  establishing)#(screams of agony)
(screams of agony)#(screams of agony)
(screams of agony)#(forrest gump voice) want a chocolate ?
(to homer) what are you doing here anyway ?#(normal voice) waiting for my wife she has a surprise for me
hey hey hey i did not ask for your life story#did you say "life story" ?
did you say "life story" ?#things started out great i ate what my mother ate and my mother loved chili then suddenly
wow tell me some more#do not you have criminals to catch ?
now where were we ?#my father and i were never really close
my father and i were never really close#i never found true happiness until i met marge
i never found true happiness until i met marge#and life just gets more exciting
and life just gets more exciting#then came the day that changes every couple forever the day we got our elephant
then came the day that changes every couple forever the day we got our elephant#while i wait for my family i will tell you about the time my baby shot my boss
yeah hop in homer#ah the family car we have been through a lot together
now before we get there you have to put this blindfold on#(surprised) all my other senses are getting sharper bart you had pizza for lunch lisa you are extremely depressed
hey homer do you remember this voice ?#kathleen turner (bob hope growl)
where tonight we are roasting you homer simpson#are the proceeds going to charity ?
hell no#woo hoo
excellent#(hurt gasp) that was at my expense what kind of a roast is this ?
now everyone knows homer loves his family#(drunk) i am sick of your lies secrets and lies it is always secrets and lies
homer these people are professional roasters do not give them fodder#(snores)
(murmurs)#(in food) secrets and lies
we will not destroy the earthone condition#you name it
hm all i need is one classic character#(frustrated noise) stupid lawn chair
(frustrated noise) stupid lawn chair#come on unfold you (more struggling noises)
come on unfold you (more struggling noises)#ow (pained noises)
(laughs then thinks gasp) hey#(angry noise) this'll teach that stupid chair (scream) i am on fire (screams) oh i hope no one's drawing this ow
int simpson car  moving  day)#(smiles pleased noise) always drawing your old man huh ? you must think i am the greatest dad in the world
(smiles pleased noise) always drawing your old man huh ? you must think i am the greatest dad in the world#(angry grunt)
(angry grunt)#(angry mutters) lousy minor setback this world sucks
do not you hate carpet stores that charge extra for the underpadding ?#(furious) i hate them so much
(excited) tonight "when dinosaurs get drunk"#(intrigued noise)
(worried noise)#(chuckles then sympathetic) oh i have been there man
has been cancelled#(puzzled upset noise)
instead we bring you "the boring world of niels bohr"#(panicked noises)
(panicked noises)#(angry gasp) my ice cream sandwich (realizing) then where the hell's the remote ?
what is it to ya ?#why do people keep moving it stupid (angry grunt)
(seething noise) that is opinion not news (angry noises)#(chuckling) that guy's hilarious i especially like his white shirt and blue pants (realizing) wait a second angry dad is me
which makes you ten trillionth overall#(horrified) what kind of a monster would humiliate me like this ?
(quick angry growl)#why that little (angry growl)
int car  moving  continuous)#(seething) stupid "barttoon" (quickly brightens chuckles) barttoon that is clever (back to seething) i am gonna kill him
(roar of agreement)#stop it the more you rock the angrier i get
(to crowd) you heard the freak#leave me alone
leave me alone#(angry wail)
homer what are you doing ?#(strangling noise)
(strangling noise)#uh uh we are just rehearsing for "angry dad the motion picture"
how'd you like to be played by john goodman ?#(angry noise) that is just so obvious
(beingstrangled noises)#it should be gary oldman
dad i am no fan of bart's cartoon but you have a real problem with anger#(hurt) i am just passionate  like all us greeks
no you are angry look you are punching the cat right now#(dismissive) oh i am
(dismissive) oh i am#oh my gosh you are right i am a rageaholic (sobs very emotional) i just can not live without rageahol (sobs)
congratulations dad the first step is admitting it#(hopeful) is it also the last step ?
no the last step is quitting#(frustrated noises)
(frustrated noises)#(resolute) very well i am not gonna be angry dad for one day longer i am giving up anger forever
if you ask me you should give up fatty foods#i said anger
homer ? what is going on ?#i gave up anger forever from now on i am into candles soft music and horse tranquilizers
(alarmed noise)#(happy drowsy noises)
(happy drowsy noises)#(inhales deeply) ah nothing can make me mad out here
paperboy#(pained noise)
milkman#(pained noise)
piano lady#(suppressed anger noises)
(suppressed anger noises)#must suppress rage
must suppress rage#(puzzled noise)
come on angry dad get angry do not make me do a clip show#(chipper) hello there flandidlydanders
hey homer i have been singing your praises all day marge said we could have choir practice in your house tonight#(stifling anger noise)
(stifling anger noise)#(calm noise)
ext simpson house  day)#(sings) they call me mellow yellow quite rightly this fellow never bellows quite rightly
(sings) they call me mellow yellow quite rightly this fellow never bellows quite rightly#(intrigued noise)
int treehouse  continuous)#(curious noises) this looks suspicious but delicious
(curious noises) this looks suspicious but delicious#(surprised scream)
ext back yard  continuous)#(anguished noise) cacti
(anguished noise) cacti#(angry growls)
(angry growls)#dirty diapers on strings
dirty diapers on strings#time to put this ordeal behind me
time to put this ordeal behind me#(angry noise)
(angry noise)#(biggest angry noise ever) homer mad (enraged bellow)
ext evergreen terrace  continuous)#(enraged bellow)
ext downtown springfield  street  continuous)#homer mad homer smash get revenge on world
(points to homer) look it is the incredible hulk#(bellows)
(surprised noises) okay#well son i wanna show you how grateful i am (warmly) let's go fishing
ext springfield park  lake  day)#who knew that anger was savin' my life ?
(chuckles then wiseass) say it do not spray it#(seething noise) you are trying to get me angry (suddenly touched) thank you
(still wiseass) you are not welcome#(angry growl then) i love you boy
(taunting) ha ha you love a boy#(angry noises) stop it now
welcome steady customer i see you are ready for the civil war reenactment#i need some supplies a keg of beer and a sixpack to hold me till i tap the keg
here you go#thanks are you sure you do not want to come ? in a civil war reenactment we need lots of indians to shoot
(annoyed sound) i do not know which part of that sentence to correct first but i cannot come i work 22 hours a day and then i go home to a wife who will not touch me the indian rope trick has become the indian "nope" trick#( la ed mcmahon) hiyo (chuckles)
(excited gasp) the squishee lady#oh my god i know you must get this all the time but can i suggest a flavor ?
go ahead#(confidently) grape
(nudges homer) hey she called me handsome#she likes you put in a good word for grape
come on guys we are gonna be late#okay okay do not go mary todd on us
ext springfield park  day)#c'mon barney if you are gonna be general grant you have to have a drink
yeah but i am a recovering alcoholic so#one drink will not hurt
hey you are right i was afraid it would start me drinking again but it did not#(nodding) mmhmm
the south will boogie again#this was supposed to be a mock battle mock
this was supposed to be a mock battle mock#do not worry i am just gonna drain the area around your wound (voracious sucking noises) so cold so cold (sucks some more)
oh the nylon has been released#now you just take the kids home i have got to return this keg
are you sure you can get your deposit back ? it is in pretty bad shape#why do you always take the side of local merchants ?
ext kwikemart  night  establishing)#(starting excuse) now apu when you gave me this keg it had dents and here's proof
(starting excuse) now apu when you gave me this keg it had dents and here's proof#(looks around) apu ?
(looks around) apu ?#(curious noise) that giggle is none of my business (determined) or is it ?
ext simpson house  a little later)#(exhausted sigh)
int homer's bedroom  continuous)#(screams then) what is a eunuch ?
(screams then) what is a eunuch ?#"unique unite" (mumbles then screams again)
homie what is wrong ?#nothing nothing there is nothing eating me up inside
(gasps) apu is having an affair ?#let's go
let's go#(gossipy) i know can you believe it ? oh manjula's just gonna die
how did you find out ?#in my role as customer i saw the whole thing
no no no let's just keep playing (nervous sound) what is the score ?#dirty love i mean thirty love i mean anyone for penis ? (flustered sound) i will just get the shuttlecock (whimper)
(sniffling sound)#here guys
here guys#why do not you play this ?
why do not you play this ?#(sings italian gibberish song)
int simpson living room  continuous)#marge why are you crying ? you are not in any physical pain the only kind of pain a man can understand
(sniffles) we have to do something to save that marriage maybe i should just tell manjula or you could talk to apu#he already knows let's tell krusty
what would that accomplish ?#that guy's hilarious his reaction would be priceless
int krusty's dressing room  day)#apu is cheating
(sympathetic) that is sad all those kids#i think he is building to something
int moe's  evening)#so anyway if you take that bottle down and pass it around
(interrupting impatient) i know i know there will be fortyseven bottles of beer on the wall yes homer you did not bring me here for this what is it that you want to tell me ?#okay this is not easy so i am just gonna come out and say it
(terrified noise) hereherehere you go mister#let's say this pepper got married to this salt shaker and along comes sexy mrs dash
(to homer) is there something you want to tell me ?#i saw you and that squishee lady  canoodling like junkyard rabbits
(horrified gasp) it is true it only happened once but i am so ashamed i am scum#(soothing) yes you are scum
(sadly) oh i always thought karma was baloney but not anymore#mmm caramel baloney
kids we want to talk to you about something#you might hear from your friends or coworkers that apu is not living at home anymore
i just wish there was something we could do (getting idea) oh oh homer are you thinking what i am thinking ?#you bet i am
(pitiless laughs then catchphraselike) you can run but you can not glide#(chuckles) usa usa
tonight we invite both manjula and apu for dinner but we do not tell them the other one's coming#and krusty we gotta invite krusty
i keep telling you off camera he is a desperately unhappy man but if we remind apu and manjula of why they fell in love maybe they can work out their problems#yeah (grim) 'cause if they do not (laser gestures and noises)
even better#(loud whisper to apu) this is going great
(wise guy voice) hey pally uh where do you want the fudge mahal ?#(obviously lying) uh we did not order that
(obviously lying) uh we did not order that#(behind drapes loud whisper) can i lick your fingers ? meet me at the mail slot
i know a great nametag place they do fabulous work#it is where i got this
well we had fun#(loud whisper) hey apu i think she likes you
(flirty) ooh a challenge#whee whee
(reading) wait a minute this is not on the list#it is been on my list for a long time
not bad eh ?#(snooty) i bought the issue for richard avedon's pictures of lenny
( la rex harrison) eliza where the devil are my slippers ?#woo
(ticking item off list) "my fair lady" performed with alloctuplet cast done#(rapt) it was magic he took a cockney flower girl and turned her into my fair lady
int caf kafka  continuous)#(examining list) wait wait you forgot to eat a light bulb
(sourly) thank you very much you big fat blabbermouth i (then) sorry sorry it is been a rough month#(handing apu light bulb) here you go (loud whisper) do not worry i soaked it in the toilet to soften it up
who wants to put on a leotard and get screamed at ?#well hookers and spiderman
my little munchkin bumped her pumpkin#are you okay lisa ?
(determined) ich bin ein gymnast#(smiles approvingly) aww she must have dreamt about hitler again
ext evergreen terrace  later that day)#(sings) i get knocked down / i get knocked down again / you are never gonna knock me down
whoa party house#hey where is my keg ?
duh#(sings) i take a whiskey drink / i take a chocolate drink / and when i have to pee / i use the kitchen sink / i sing the song that reminds me i am a urinating guy
(sings) i take a whiskey drink / i take a chocolate drink / and when i have to pee / i use the kitchen sink / i sing the song that reminds me i am a urinating guy#flex flex flex flex flex flex flex (chuckle)
my bubble my rules#(angry) that is it boy it is time for your bath
(angry) that is it boy it is time for your bath#now go to bed
now go to bed#that is called parenting i am going to moe's
int simpson house  night)#good night bart
good night bart#good night lisa
good night lisa#good night maggie
good night maggie#(warmly) cherish these moments homer
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#(upset) what the you earned how many credits without our permission ?
sixteen#(anguished moan)
doogie howser went to college when he was my age#against my wishes
i put those "cathys" on the fridge for you i do not even like them they have gotten so smutty#oh sure when a man does it it is smutty but if a woman did it
homer cathy is a woman#oh come on
oh come on#you are right (disgusted shudder)
what are you doing ?#i was trying to throw bart over the roof and he got stuck in this tree
i was trying to throw bart over the roof and he got stuck in this tree#(small annoyed grunt) (calling) marge where is my pellet gun ?
in the tree#right
right#(anguished noise then) oh no not the good cheek
(anguished noise then) oh no not the good cheek#oh
oh i cannot listen to this again#guys i just ordered my wife the greatest anniversary present  a koi pond
yeah you must be some kind of marriage supergenius how 'bout a few tips ?#certainly lenford make every day a celebration of your love surprise her with a pasta salad put a miniberet on your wang
oh i can not wait to see my surprise#hey hey hey no peeking
hey hey hey no peeking#happy anniversary marge
(loud screams)#what the hell is that noise ?
that caterpillar is screaming#aw the poor thing's in pain (picks it up) what he needs is a visit from kindly old dr foot (grunt)
which has chosen your yard as its home#fine i will not kill it
fine i will not kill it#(loud whisper) finish the job
(reading) "screamapillar care tips" wow look at all this stuff "without constant reassurance it will die it is sexually attracted to fire"#are you sure god does not want it to be dead ?
(weary) what does he want now ?#if he wants to sleep with us forget it
put him down boy put him down#(sweetly reading) "once upon a time there were three bears the end"
(sweetly reading) "once upon a time there were three bears the end"#(sighs) oh fine i will go back to the beginning
(sighs) oh fine i will go back to the beginning#(gasps) oh no i crushed that horrible bug what should i do ?
why do not i hear any screaming ?#uh he is sleeping
then why do not i hear any sleepscreams ?#well uh the thing about that is uh
well uh the thing about that is uh#(hopeful gasp)
(hopeful gasp)#woo hoo he is alive (smug chuckle) now you can not punish me
homer simpson for attempted insecticide and aggravated buggery i sentence you to two hundred hours of community service#(annoyed grunt)
int old man's house  continuous)#lousy community service meals on wheels eat it up or i go to jail
did not these meals used to have a cobbler ?#uh they discontinued the cobbler
(sniffing) you smell like cobbler#now let's not get into who smells like what
come in#(scream)
int closet  continuous)#(relaxed noise) safe and sound
(relaxed noise) safe and sound#(super scream)
(super scream)#(relaxed noise) that is better
(relaxed noise) that is better#(screams)
(screams)#(relaxed noise) thank god i am out of matches (then) oh no here's another one
int mrs bellamy's house  front parlor  night)#please do not kill me i will not tell anyone about the skeleton and i could bring you more victims like lenny he'd go great with wild rice
oh do not be such a nervous purvis that is not a real skeleton it is a halloween costume#but what about the axe ?
oh i could not possibly eat all this please join me#(shrugs) eh you are the shutin
int front parlor  later that night)#so i threw the super ball so hard it hit the ceiling twice then broke a lamp (laughs)
(laughing) oh homer i feel like i am talking to bennett cerf#(pleased) yeah i have gotten a lot of compliments about my talking
before you go would you mind opening this jar of butter pickles ?#(gallant) my pleasure
(gallant) my pleasure#(grunts)
oh my you are as strong as you are handsome#(bragging kidlike) and i can ride my bike real fast
can i call you the next time i need a muscular heman ?#(put upon) hey i am not running an employment service you old ba (realizing friendly) ohhoho you mean me ? i'd be delighted
int power plant  homer's work station)#y'ello (beat) hi mrs bellamy no i am not doing anything i can mow your lawn
y'ello (beat) hi mrs bellamy no i am not doing anything i can mow your lawn#cover for me
int simpson house  day)#(tired) hello ? uhhuh yes mrs bellamy i will be right there
int kitchen  continuous)#marge i can not say no to a helpless old lady they put spells on you
(disgruntled) freshen your drinks ladies ?#laxative ?
i am so sick of doing her dirty work she is taking advantage of us homer#(worried noise then to marge) the missus prefers you call me simpson
int study  continuous)#are you all right ?
(moans) that man took my diamond necklace#do not worry you are gonna be just fine i
do not worry you are gonna be just fine i#okay
oh my gosh she is dead#(upset) buh guh muh wuh (short pause) zuh
so let me get this straight this mysterious "man with braces" just stabbed the old lady and disappeared ?#without a trace
i found her will chief it was just changed to leave the simpsons fifty thousand dollars#ohho so it is a good thing she died from our point of view financially
no#now if you will excuse us we will just be (quickly) does that ever work ?
(confessing) no nah it never does#book 'im lou
(chuckle) yeah if dad killed everyone he talked about killing would any of us be here ?#(kindly) you would be dead a million times
(sings) i have been working on the railroad / all the live long day (then) yeah that is better#(weary) oh man what a day i'd kill for a beer
(gasp) right away sir iii do not want no trouble#(intrigued noise) i'd stab somebody for a pickle
(intrigued noise) i'd stab somebody for a pickle#gimme some peanuts
( la simon says) upbupbup you did not say you would kill me#(sighs) i will kill you if you do not give me some peanuts
today's readings come from matthew mark luke and john#(clears throat threateningly)
(nervous sound) maybe just matthew and mark#(clears throat more threateningly)
(annoyed) homer#what ? it goes right by our house
i insist on searching every inch of this home personally#here's my underwear drawer
(gasp)#mrs bellamy's necklace
oh homer what are we going to do ?#(aside to wiggum) you know chief if you let us go there is a diamond necklace in it for you
i can not believe we have been arrested for murder#do not worry marge i will cut us a deal by becoming a jailhouse snitch (loud whisper) i know who stopped up the toilet
(shocked) but we are innocent it was the man with the braces#(to gil) can not you do anything ? surprise witnesses ? evidence tampering ? play the race card (raising fist) play it
i am also your host now let's meet a ghost#let's just say i am planning a little surprise for the execution (patting belly) this cannon is going to be full when i go off kaboom
let's just say i am planning a little surprise for the execution (patting belly) this cannon is going to be full when i go off kaboom#(seductive) y'know this is our last night and our cells are sidebyside
(sigh) it is hard to get in the mood with all those murderous eyes staring at us#just think of them as twinkling stars
(murmur) homie i am sorry i can not i just keep thinking about everything we are gonna miss the kids growing up grandchildren(sobs)#i want to confess i killed and robbed the old lady all by myself marge is completely innocent the only thing she is guilty of is loving too much the murder i did
(touched noise) my love you saved my life#(to marge) now you do it for me
the governor says that he hopes you are a twitcher oh yes#(sad moan)
thank you#goodbye marge
i will always love you#(screams)
you are on "frameup"#what ?
only me carmen electra#i knew it
"frame up" is fox's latest hit right after "no pants island" and "fart date"#this whole thing was a joke ? oh i have never been so relieved relieved and angry
we were in the green room i had so much shrimp#well i am glad everyone's all right but i think you should be ashamed  toying with a human life for tv ratings
uh homer my face is up here#i have made my choice
(warped) hey hey hey (melting noise)#(waking up noise) so hot so sticky (sweaty moans)
(waking up noise) so hot so sticky (sweaty moans)#marge ?
(groans to timing of fan)#you know what will cool this place down ? a little touch of winter
dad no we are trying to conserve energy#lisa if we start conserving the environmentalists win
jingle bell jingle bell jingle bell ro#jingle bell what ?
dad it is a blackout#a blackout ? (guilty moan) every time santa and i get together it is a disaster
ext simpson house  night)#(looking through binoculars) oh no they are stealing the tire fire
look at those looters breaking windows setting fires they are living my dream and you will not let me join them please can i throw one little#no
what if i just burn down a#no
can not i at least incite further#no i have caused enough trouble already by plugging in that santa claus no more irresponsible behavior
can i have a beer ?#all right but not the imported
all right but not the imported#you have got to set limits marge
i do not care what they say i will not feel safe in this town until we have better police#(scoffs) yeah wiggum could not catch cooties at milhouse's birthday party
(elbowing homer) dad#oh (to milhouse) seriously everyone says your parties rock
homer this is all your fault if you hadn't plugged in your dancing santa none of this would have happened#(hurt) i admit it i did screw up but i will not feel guilty until i can put a human face on this
(hurt) i admit it i did screw up but i will not feel guilty until i can put a human face on this#wrong answer
mom dad someone stole my malibu stacy collection#marge does not lisa have a human face ?
(sobs)#that is it nobody messes with my little girl i am gonna find those dolls
oh forget it they could not catch a cold with a (searching noise) a a coldcatching thing#see when you do not use milhouse it is hard (chuckle tousles milhouse's hair) i love this kid
int lisa's room  moments later)#(mumbles) interesting (mumbles) all right i have come up with a composite sketch of my prime suspect
dad that is bart#exactly
exactly#look at him over there eating that apple what is he planning ? what ?
maybe we should look for clues#you are right (looks around gasp) what is this ?
you are right (looks around gasp) what is this ?#a cap
a cap#from "the woolly bully"
int hat store  continuous)#do you sell hats ?
yeah#to people ?
maybe#people with heads ?
dude i need a new cap#did you steal dolls from my daughter ?
(moralistic) i think they demean women#(dragnet style) well think again son you are going to juvie
but i just got out of juvie#good 'cause i need directions
well you will be happy to know malibu stacey's fine i really appreciate what you did dad#aw
you said you would do something and you followed through on it#hey you know stopping criminals is fun and i felt like a big man pushing that kid around
oh that is it#cheese
(grateful noise) homer you are so brave if anyone deserves to take a penny it is you#(flattered) oh well heh heh (considers which one to take) hm oh i will no
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#you know i have had a lot of jobs boxer mascot astronaut imitation krusty baby proofer trucker hippy plow driver food critic conceptual artist grease salesman carny mayor grifter bodyguard for the mayor country western manager garbage commissioner mountain climber farmer inventor smithers poochie celebrity assistant power plant worker fortune cookie writer beer baron kwikemart clerk homophobe and missionary but protecting springfield that gives me the best feeling of all
if you like protecting people you could make that your job you know start a security company#finally a way to combine my love of helping people with my love of hurting people
int moe's  day)#fellas i am starting my own private police force will you join me ?
well who would my partner be ?#how 'bout lenny ?
no way#you will do as i say or i will have your badges (admitting) once i make and give you your badges
ext flanders' house  day)#flanders i was able to find your missing leaf blower belt sander and morning newspapers
well nice work inspector findit did you catch the thief ?#(cagey) who said it was a he ?
well i sure did not#(accusing) who said you did ?
(friendly) okelydokely#you are pushing your luck pal
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#ooh ooh here's my commercial
(screaming) a monster#is this you ? if it is do not dial nine one one simply dial six three six five five five three four seven two
help me springshield#have no fear springshield's present
(sadly) friend ?#the only friend you need is springshield
that commercial is very effective#you know the old lady's apartment was actually lenny's we just used a different duvet cover
(bowery boy accent) hey officer homer how'd you get so big and strong ?#green vegetables and homework
homie to honor springfield's newest hero i made you your favorite dinner all three courses are dessert#(hopeful) even dessert ?
int moe's  day)#woo hoo i am chief of police
ext police station  day)#now that i am the law i am gonna make a lot of changes around here first i am gonna cut overhead by freeing otis the lovable town drunk
you can let me go but i will just keep exposing myself at the mall#(chuckles) what a character
dad make him stop#well according to this he is tellin' the truth
hurry up boys we gotta get these "toy poodles" to the pet shop#all right fat tony your little game is over
radar love#if that thug thinks he can run me out of town oh man i love this song
if that thug thinks he can run me out of town oh man i love this song#(sings) i have been driving all night hand's wet on the wheel (imitates guitar noise) there is a voice in my head that drives my heel (imitates guitar noise) it is my baby callin' on the telephone (imitates guitar noise) i got some pizza and i am bringin' it home (imitates guitar noise again)
int church  continuous)#you all know me i have kept the streets safe for you and your children i have tricked or treated at many of your houses last year i was jar jar binks now who will stand and fight with me ?
i am with you homer#shut up flanders anyone else ? what about you dr hibbert ?
sorry homer i am a coward now like all recovering alcoholics#after everything i did you are going to abandon me ?
homie please why do not you just leave town ?#what and let them come after you and the kids ?
we could come with you#in one car ? with no air conditioning ? and the little poop machine going every twenty minutes ?
ext police station  day)#i need you guys to help me why'd you lock yourselves in ?
you are listing my broken dreams (sniffles)#(distraught) i do not get it i finally did a job where i wasn't lazy stupid or corrupt  and now i am gonna get killed for it
any last words simpson ?#yeah you can kill me but someone'll take my place and if you kill him someone'll take his place and that is pretty much the end of it the town'll be yours
(gasp) oh homie i am so glad you are alive#yeah but this town does not deserve me i am giving this badge to the next guy i see
(puzzled) well then who shot all the gangsters ?#i must have a guardian angel  with a rifle
hm time to check in on our little sweetie pie#aw she is taking a nap
yeah probably dreaming about the time she shot mr burns#(chuckles) she is just like clark kent when there is lots of excitement she is nowhere to be found nightynight sweetie
maude you still look as pretty as the day i buried you#(bob hope growl)
then choke on these#(screams)
ext simpson backyard  day)#now to spend some quality time away from my family (yawn)
my favorite is number three#oh i'd love to but someone made me too many pancakes and now i have to sleep them off
(annoyed) those were for the church breakfast#(uninterested) were they now ?
(uninterested) were they now ?#(sad moan)
get your hammocks#the hammock man i am glad he is a little early today
the price is ten dollars (ominous) but i must warn you this is no ordinary hammock its webbing is a mesh of comfort and evil#you had me at comfort
ext simpson backyard  day)#(dignified) mr hammock say hello to madam ass
(dignified) mr hammock say hello to madam ass#what the ? it made another me how cool is that ?
what the ? it made another me how cool is that ?#hm no bellybutton
hm no bellybutton#(proud poppa) shuttle's in the hangar
(proud poppa) shuttle's in the hangar#you wanna be my slave ?
(meaningless grunt)#outstanding
(stupid concentrating noises)#speed it up ugly
(pained yell)#eh he had a good run
eh he had a good run#(straining noises then) i am gonna need help with this
(straining noises then) i am gonna need help with this#(thinking) hm
beer for me ?#no you have got chores to do
chores ? me need clone#clone ? that is ridiculous where am i supposed to find a wait a minute
clone ? that is ridiculous where am i supposed to find a wait a minute#wow four of me (strokes chin) i think this could be a magic hammock and it just might be the answer to my problems
(surprised noise)#i will take it from here fakeo
(surly) nuhuh#uhhuh
(choking noises) why you little (choking noises)#(being choked) man are we evenly matched
but of course#(scared noise) i mean four
(disappointed) oh#(suckers)
yay#(sotto) go go go go go go go
say homer i was uh i was wondering if i could borrow that chainsaw you uh stole from me#yeah but you will have to leave a credit card
no problem discover okay ?#(scolding) ned
homie i must say you have the energy of twenty men lately#twentythree now today i am gonna mow the lawn do my taxes shoot hoops with bart and girl it up with lisa
(touched) aww#(quick suppressed shriek)
ext country dirt road  day)#(to self) ohh i gotta get rid of these guys
(to self) ohh i gotta get rid of these guys#(to doubles) now before i abandon you in this cornfield does anyone remember the way home ?
i do#anybody else ?
anybody else ?#anybody else ? (coaxing) come on
anybody else ? (coaxing) come on#okay everyone out
(climbing and fallingoff noises)#now to make sure this hammock never troubles anyone again
dad is there something you would like to tell us about this horde ?#you would think so but no
(counts on her fingers accusing) they look like you they were rude to patty and selma and the horde has been described as "very gassy"#yeah it is a good group
good god we are doomed#noooo
noooo#we are out of donuts
(chipper) the horde is almost dead there is still some writhing and twitching but that should stop by morning#good news
twenty eight twenty nine (turns to homer) there is one missing#not mr blasty ?
not mr blasty ?#(choked up) it is okay boy you will be shooting angels in heaven (sobs)
please do not hurt our family#(loud sotto) marge let me do a solo this could be my big break
i very much doubt that homer these are horrible ghouls from the past#hey so are the grammy judges (laughs) (surprised noise)
pardon the grabbing but i have perfected a device that could save us all a time machine we can go back to the past and save our guns#gimme
poor william bonney might have become a doctor or a senator#(intoning grandly) hear me people of the past
hey everyone that is us#i come to deliver a terrifying message of hope grab your guns and follow me
dad what are you doing ?#(thoughtfully stroking chin) oh how to explain this to a child hm (to lisa) future daddy needs to doublekill these corpses so they will not come back as zombies and (seeing something) get 'im
tell me again why we are spending our vacation on "the island of lost souls" ?#hey what could be more fun than an island shaped like a big smiley face ?
now he may try to slobber on your crotch#hey i have been around scotsmen
homer someone's in trouble#(dismissive) hey i am on vacation
homie something very creepy is going on here#(worried) you mean they are gonna try to sell us time shares ?
i think i am going to do a little sleuthing#bring back some ice
int marge and homer's bungalow  night)#(wakingup noise then sleepily) what is up honey ? want a little lovin' ?
int marge and homer's bedroom  a short time later)#is not vacation sex always the best ?
(purrs)#marge you were like a wild beast so voracious and prowly
marge you were like a wild beast so voracious and prowly#and i have never seen you use your tail like that
and i have never seen you use your tail like that#(surprised noise) oh my god (homer's muzzle disappears here  fix animation) she is become a monster (admitting) which i have to admit i sort of suspected during the sex
int house of pain  continuous)#gotta find a way to change marge back and replace the m&ms i took from the mini bar
hey homer#flanders ? (unhappy moan) a perfect vacation ruined
hate to be a needy neddy but uh could you do me a favor ?#(uncomfortable) uh i really do not wanna do that ned
oh c'mon homer all i am asking is for you to yank my teats and harvest my milk#(exasperated noise) fine
oooh that is nice you are actually quite gentle when you want to be#(miserable) you know you are not helping
ext jungle  day)#(singing to "aweemaway") in the jungle the creepy jungle / homer rides a freak
shhh hey#(gasp of fear) what is that ?
(pig eating noises) oooh a toenail#(aghast) i can not believe it hibbert's turned you all into human guinea pigs
hey dad check it out#(reading calmly) eat my (very upset) shorts ? why you little
(reading calmly) eat my (very upset) shorts ? why you little#maggie
maggie#lisa
we were just playing#(accusing) what game ?
(guilty) "let's eat maggie"#(disgusted noise then) manimals invertebroads you must fight back against the one who did this to you
(agreeing animal noises)#wait will moe sees how wasted i got without him he is gonna plotz
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#you guys are nuts all you can do is eat and sleep and mate and roll around in your own filth and mate and eat where do i sign up ?
ext moe's  day  establishing)#hi moe got any beer ?
wait a minute i am at work (grabs beer from homer) ya gotta pay for it#(surprised sound) what the where is my money ?
"dear homie had to buy diapers for maggie love marge"#(puzzled sound)
simpson#("oh yeah" sound)
sorry homer#(indignant) so you are just gonna let me walk out of here sober
i am afraid so#and you can live with that
yuhhuh#fine there are plenty of other ways for me to alter my consciousness
ext mt springfield  later)#oh yeah
(annoyed) are you gonna buy those toads or just lick 'em ?#(all business) lick 'em go away
int springfield red cross  continuous)#(woozy sound of ecstasy)
thanks for the donation mr simpson do you feel okay ?#(jovial) jewish ? oh no i am not jewish (friendly chuckle)
(sighs) yeah i guess i got caught up in all the glitz and glamour#well moe
homer i am so sorry have a free beer#oh
oh#(drunk emotional) ah i do not care about the color of your skin lenny you are my friend (cries)
homer can you say the alphabet backwards ?#(beligerent) oh you would like that would not you ya
hey i am worried#i have had just about enough of you
oh yeah ?#(pointing noises)
ah rats#i am outta here
get his keys#(taunting) hey you want my keys ?
(taunting) hey you want my keys ?#get 'em now jerks (smug laugh)
get 'em now jerks (smug laugh)#so long jerks (smug laugh)
so long jerks (smug laugh)#running after the car huh ? let's see if you can follow this (louder accelerating sound)
where to pal ?#moe's tavern
ext simpson house  the next day)#good morning everybody (kisses marge) what is for breakfast cutie ?
homie it is five pm we are having dinner#what ? wait a (checks clock) that can not be right wait was last night the night we set the clocks ahead eight hours ?
no it was the night you got loaded at moe's and the car had to be towed home#(dismissive sound) if i was that drunk i would remember it
it is true i could not even wake you up for work this morning i had to tell mr burns you had violent diarrhea#(sheepish moan) could not you come up with a less embarrassing lie ?
(sheepish moan) could not you come up with a less embarrassing lie ?#(nervous sounds)
(concerned) do you remember how you got home last night dad ?#(embarrassed) of course it was uh some kind of a light rail
there is no light rail in springfield#oh will not anyone pretend to believe me ?
i will dad#and that is why you are my favorite
and that is why you are my favorite#all right time for my favorite show
monkey trauma center" will not be seen tonight so we may proudly present this much cheaper show#(disappointed sound)
another proud moment for the simpsons#i do not remember anybody telling me i was gonna be on tv
oh you big fooler pretending not to remember so you could surprise us#(unsure laugh) yeah i am pretty great
(unsure laugh) yeah i am pretty great#(bigger nervous sound)
i had no idea dad i just assumed with all the stranglings you know#that my family is not the center of my universe ? are you nuts ?
so whammo you get stuck in some boring job where they do not let you play guitar or take pictures of naked women (sits back) and all you can do is watch yourself get bald and fat and kiss your dreams goodbye (snores)#oh i can not believe they took "monkey trauma center" off for this
oh i can not believe they took "monkey trauma center" off for this#lousy family
so i am just some babe who sank her claws into you ?#(weakly) a hot babe
have you always resented us dad ?#oh i do not resent you sweetheart what i was trying to say and maybe i did not use the right words was that marriage is like a coffin and each kid is another nail but as coffins go
sorry we ruined your life homer#oh what have i done ?
(all business) get in#(confused sound)
get in#(gets in noticing) hey what is this suitcase for ? are we going on a trip ?
(evil chuckle)#(nervous whimper)
ext outskirts of town  later)#(panicky) where are you taking me ?
get out of the car homer#you can not just leave me out here there is not another woman for miles
(pointing out windshield) rock 'n' roll fantasy camp#(gasp) "the rolling stones rock 'n' roll fantasy camp" but i thought you guys were mad at me for once in my life i am confused
we had a family meeting and decided that even though what you said about us was incredibly thoughtless and hurtful you had a point#damn straight
and even though you knew i ratted you out to the irs you never busted me on it#you what ?
(smiling at kids) so to say thank you for all your sacrifices we spent our family vacation fund on something that is just for you (turning to homer) do you like it ?#(yelling gradually fading) you guys are the best i love you i love you i love you
(yelling gradually fading) you guys are the best i love you i love you i love you#(distant) i am okay i love you i love you i love you i love you
int rock 'n' roll fantasy camp  a short while later)#hey what gives ? where are all the rock stars ?
i do not know (worried) but it is starting to get dark#(nervous gasp) what was that ?
how ya doin' ?#(teenage girl) omigod omigod omigod (mesmerized) it is mick jagger and keith richards
welcome to rock 'n' roll fantasy camp where you will experience the complete rock 'n' roll lifestyle without the lawsuits and std's#woo std's
now you are all here for one reason#(pumping fist in air) to rock
(waking up sounds)#are you readyto receive professional training in rock ?
have you been awake all night ?#(childlike) i am so excited i could not fall asleep i even took some pills i found on the floor and still nothing
you took pills you found on the floor ?#(nods) uhhuh now i am afraid that if i stop talking i will die is not mick cool ? i thought he'd be all like "i am a rock star are not i great ?" but he is just like you or me or (points to empty corner) jesus over there
come on who'd like to be a bass player ?#out of my way nerdlinger
my image#here you go
(to homer) i am telling mr jagger#(mocking) ooh i am telling mr jagger (kissing noises)
the clothes you wear on stage should be a defiant statement of individuality#like this mr kravitz ?
(excited) fire / yes / (homer) all right fire / (otto) hey#(raising hand) mr seltzer ?
setzer#no i think it is seltzer
what is it homer ?#i came up with a stage move i feel is very cool
i came up with a stage move i feel is very cool#(talksinging) baby baby baby baby
we have gotta start using a cheaper oatmeal#(calling out) sorry mick
look everyone homer's got it#(singing) i am so hot for me i am so hot for me / i am so cold
(looking down) lyrics are the hardest part of songwriting but when you come up with something meaningful and heartfelt#boring
(annoyed) will you stop saying that ?#but rock stars are supposed to be about drinking and getting drunk and boozing it up
you just want mindless generic rock ?#precisely
paparazzi to the left#i got 'em
i got 'em#i am entitled to a private life i am not a role model and so forth
they are bloody cardboard#(emphatic) we know
(terrified yell)#(gets up) well whaddaya think ?
uh you rock homer#(touched) really ? you really think i am better than you ?
that was great homie#what the hell are you doing here ?
camp is over homer#(confused) it is been a week already ?
(action movie) let's rock 'n' roll#(panicky) wait do not go i wanna keep on rockin' (to rock stars) c'mon guys aone atwo
i will take that#(falls to knees) noooo
(struggling noises) come on dad (struggling noise)#no no i will not go you can not make me
dad you knew this day was coming#i knew nothing
stop kicking me dad#never
never#(sobs) my dream has been shattered into shards of a broken dream i was so close to being a rock star but now there is a chance it might not happen i will just have to settle for being a fat bald fat nothing
no i am fine#(despondent sigh) i am so despondent
cheer up homer it is only rock 'n' roll camp#(whiny) but i like it (sobs)
(to homer) tell you what we are doing a benefit gig before we leave town how would you like to join us on stage ?#(sniffles) for serious ?
(warmly) for serious homer#(still sniffly) can i have forty guest passes ?
(still sniffly) can i have forty guest passes ?#(sniffling) woo hoo
ext springfield civic center  night)#wow allaccess (mesmerized) allaccess (drools)
wow allaccess (mesmerized) allaccess (drools)#(impressed noise) good thing it is laminated (chuckle)
sir you can not#(flashing pass) allaccess
(scream)#allaccess
wow homer i ain't had front row seats since my moonie wedding#and after the show you can come backstage for pizza and pop
(crazed battle whoops)#here you go front and center
i am so proud of you homie it is like you are kid rock and i am pamela anderson lee rock#oops gotta run enjoy the show
(annoyed) lenny do not you have a crotch to stuff ?#evening fellow rockers
there you are we thought we were going to have to go on without you#i am ready just give me a guitar how many solos should i do ? four ?
i am ready just give me a guitar how many solos should i do ? four ?#i will do four
uh homer you did not think you were gonna be playing with#(gasp) my official tour jacket
(gasp) my official tour jacket#look at (confused) wait they misspelled "guitar hero"
look sorry if there is been a misunderstanding homer we really just need you to tap the mics and say "test test"#can not you do it ?
can not you do it ?#(crushed) oh okay so i will uh okay
i am his groupie (chuckles) am i saying that right "groupie ?"#(taps microphone) test test
why is he performing the duties of a roadie ? am i saying that right "roadie ?"#test test check check
hey he is not rocking out at all#test (singing) "test test you are testin' my love for you check check you are checkin' to see if i am true"
(cheers)#"test onetest twotest threetest four you test me like the water in el salvador"
not on my shift#(singing) baby baby baby baby baby (sees devil's head os) uhoh
(singing) baby baby baby baby baby (sees devil's head os) uhoh#(intermittent pained shrieks)
did you know it was going to turn into a riot dad ?#oh yeah when you have been in as many as i have you can sense them coming
did they ever find tom petty's toe ?#what am i the lost and found ?
no sorry#there is no need for apologies guys you are rock stars you are supposed to be reckless and destructive and be celebrated for behavior that would land normal people in jail
we are doing a gig tomorrow to benefit the victims of tonight's gig and we'd consider it an honor if you would join us#well you are very sweet mick but the only rocking i want to do is in my living room chair surrounded by the world's greatest backup group my family
are you sure you do not miss hanging out with your rock star friends dad ?#nah i have got something to remember 'em by
nah i have got something to remember 'em by#have fun at school kids
mr simpson this zone is for school buses only#rock and roll woo hoo
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#(moans) i hate reality shows
a year ago you said they were the greatest thing that ever happened to us#i have grown you have not
(scream of pain)#i can not take any more of these shows if i wanted reality i'd finally have this lump looked at
(shrugs) networks love reality shows because they do not have to pay writers or actors#stupid writers and actors priced yourselves right out of the business nice going geniuses
get back honky cat those systems are too expensive#marge we can not pinch pennies on the machine that is going to be raising our children
marge we can not pinch pennies on the machine that is going to be raising our children#come on kids daddy knows a way to get the money with no risk
and the winner by a nose is "no risk"#(waving winning ticket) woo hoo
okay now all we have to do is install your satellite dish can you be home from eight am monday morning through june ?#no problem
ext simpson house  front yard  day)#hey flanders  check out my new satellite dish
(whistles) boy that is jim dandy roof candy i'd love to come over some time and watch that church channel#i bet you would
oh you would win that bet seems like i am spending all my money on religious payperview or as i like to call it "prayperview"#(angry) damn your sparkling wordplay
(upbeat) and bless your humble home#(frustrated noise)
(frustrated noise)#(realizing) oh it is red wire to red wire (scoffs) what idiot dreamed that up ?
cool it is the nbc news feed#mmm feed
it is wednesday night#(fatherly) kids kids you are both right
(enticing) why do not you turn off the tv and join us for dessert ? i made a pie#put pie here
would you like some ice cream with that ?#me not pig
sucker#(chuckles) homicidal robots so like us (immediately snores)
int simpson house  tv room  continuous)#(gasp) they are gonna be in the same class as each other ?
(gasp) they are gonna be in the same class as each other ?#(gasp) an old army buddy is visiting mannix ?
"to fraternal love"#(dreamy) the status quo
got it#hey you can not fool us we are from the "learn to fart" state
i am so sorry lisa's a very special little girl and we will spare no expense in finding her#well what about bart ?
ext capitol building  day)#this is where the kids were last seen
(gasp) the plastic casing from the tip of bart's shoelace (off homer's look) a mother knows#well he is not gonna get very far without that
well he is not gonna get very far without that#bart is that you ?
oh my special little guys you are okay you are okay#and maggie you no longer have to live with the burden of replacing bart and lisa
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#dewey dewey dewey
the headlines proclaim "dewey defeats truman"#woo hoo i win the bet (to lisa trashtalking "stabbing" finger at her) who is your daddy ?
but the headlines are dead wrong#(gasp of utter disbelief)
harry truman triumphs by two million votes#(shaking fist) not if i can stop that inauguration
i win dad that means i get to choose today's fatherdaughter activity#(miserable) let's hear it
we are building homes for the homeless#(horrified sound then bitterly) you know it is gonna be bad but you just can not prepare yourself
ext construction site  day)#domiciles for the destitute ? is this that thing that jimmy carter does ?
dad what is that ?#well if bart can be "el barto"
oh if only i had your courage seor#oh thanks (quick scream then worried noises)
dad you are getting paint on your wedding ring#huh ? oh right can you hold it ?
this is a bandaid wrapped in tin foil#(ashamed) my real ring's inside a turtle
well he is not much to look atbut he is a good fatherhello ring tan line he is new on the market#(confused) can i help you ?
sign here sign here kiss me here initial there#(baffled noise)
(gasps) well i have read enough articles about flirting to know it when i see it# (two big lamazetype noises) and that is how my beautiful wife brought our son bart into the world
(tentatively) ah homie are you as attracted to me as you were when we met ?#sure why not ?
sometimes i worry you might think about other women#hey why would i want purina when i have got fancy feast right here ?
that does not sound very convincing#(sweetly) aw it sounds like all you are looking for is a little reassurance well (loud snores)
(quickly) not feeling well going to bed dinner and breakfast are on the table#did you label the meals so i can tell which is which ?
ext simpson house  night)#(pleasantly) well someone's tucked in to an insane degree goodnight
(pleasantly) well someone's tucked in to an insane degree goodnight#hey gimme some of those blankets
(grunt)#what is this ? it is enormous (beat then) oh my god there is another one
homer let me explain something#explain later
homie (giggles then amorous) oooo homie (not amorous) hey what happened ?#(sheepish) i fell off hee hee hee
now do not get too used to these (gestures to bosom) that awful doctor said he'd take them out in a couple of days#yeah he truly is a monster hey let's go out to dinner tomorrow just you me the kids and the twins whadaya say ?
whatever bart is saying is a lie (noticing marge gasp) mom what happened ? your endowment's bigger than harvard's#well that cinches it lisa gets the prize for the best offthecuff response
mom does not it bother you that they are giving you all this attention just because of (indicates breasts) those ?#that is not true lisa there are a lot of complicated issues here that can only be explained through song
that is not true lisa there are a lot of complicated issues here that can only be explained through song#(sing/talks) you took a twentykarat diamond and made it gleam / like a big spaghetti dinner smothered in whipped cream
hooray#("and many more") and they are all mine
homer how come you never sang a song like that to me before ?#uh i was gettin' around to it
(new york accent) kiki highsmith highsmith modeling honey i like your look#forget it kiki you are not putting your brain (points to kiki) into her body (points to marge)
that is not why i am here i can offer your wife a lot of modeling work trade shows to start then who knows ?#no dice take your fun and adventure outside
no dice take your fun and adventure outside#wait for what ? confirmation of my attitude ?
homie i could use a little more excitement in my life#(incrediblyshocked gasp)
i got krusty in hot water / now i have got to help him out / da da da#shut up boy
(groan) oh i do not get a song ? mom got a song#with the economy the way it is you are lucky you get soup
int moe's  night)#gentlemen say hello to springfield's newest supermodel
dad look#i am on it
(realizing) hey that is it (to stampy) mogumbo#do you have anything with groundup whale in it ?
do you have anything with groundup whale in it ?#(concerned) i came out the elephant's mouth right ? 'cause i already showered once today
(taunting) lisa learned a lesson lisa learned a lesson#kids i'd like to reintroduce you to classic marge
i finally feel like me again (to homer) you are not disappointed are you ?#not at all sweetie at least one of us should be able to put their arms around the other one
anyway you are the only man i want ogling me#(suggestive) oh we are gonna do a little more than just ogling
oh homie#let's go get fried chicken
(sing) who let her jugs out ?#d'oh d'oh d'oh d'oh d'oh
marge let her jugs out#d'oh d'oh d'oh d'oh d'oh
(sing) who let her jugs out ?#d'oh d'oh d'oh d'oh d'oh
ext springfield nuclear plant  establishing  day)#(whistles)
(whistles)#(woozy whistles)
yes if he is smart he will hold out for millions#(in car) woo hoo i got skybox tickets and with only twenty percent loss of my brain function life is (drooling slurring noise)
mm that takes me back#check out those nonskybox losers watching hockey without sushi if you can call that hockey
heads up dad here comes the scum#(disapproving noise) why can not they just be happy for my success ?
this is a joke you will find me down with the real fans standing ankledeep in beer and blood#fine watch your stupid eagles concert
it is a hockey game#whatever
this sucks how come lisa gets something and i do not ?#because she took the trouble to wander away and talk to a stranger
your sister getting something nice does not hurt you in any way#hm better add some more nails
hm better add some more nails#perfect
bart watch your potty mouth#hey get out i am in here (looks around then) oh
(disgusted noise) why do you always hire the cheapest guy ?#i go by how funny the sign is
but where will we live ?#do not worry we will just hang out in front of the house beside these garbage cans the time will just fly by
do not worry we will just hang out in front of the house beside these garbage cans the time will just fly by#eh that was boring let's get a hotel
sorry folks every hotel room in town is booked#stupid bran producer's convention
i do not want another lecture from a german backpacker about how we do not appreciate the national park system#i know we will stay with my very best friend in the world lenny
hey simpsons#(aside to marge) that is lenny ? oh i wanted the black one
(impressed) wow lenny your apartment is stunning#so how do you afford such a sweet pad ?
come on guys you gotta stay tonight's the big cock fight ah (selling) we can eat the loser#(scoffs) who wants to eat a loser ?
oh yeah the gimmick is it is a house from 1895 and you gotta do everything like they did back then#1895 forget it we'd be too late to save lincoln and too early to save kennedy
you could save mckinley#it is not a time machine moe
ext "reality channel" studios  day  establishing)#marge i am still not sure about this
i like what i am seeing in there#(strangling bart) i will teach you to whistle on the sabbath (more strangling noises)
they go to pieces over nothing they are perfect for reality tv#where is that kid with my latte ?
where is that kid with my latte ?#(sobs) he is not coming is he ? is he ? (breaks down)
oh man i can not wear this i look like buster brown whoever that is#(teasing) ohhoho you look adorable lisa
int 1895 house  bedroom  a few minutes later)#wow they had an army helmet under every bed
ext lover's lane  night)#(poking him in the chest) befoul an army helmet ? you would like that would not ya hippie ?
hey you should see how much trouble dad's having shaving with a straight razor#finally i am no longer a slave to the gillette corporation
finally i am no longer a slave to the gillette corporation#why it says here that president cleveland has (woozy noise)
ext kwikemart  day)#okay more coal less coal less less more lesslessless annnd none
okay more coal less coal less less more lesslessless annnd none#perfect
int 1895 house  bedroom  night)#(seductive) you know it is six fifteen the kids are in bed and maggie's in her cage
(seductive) you know it is six fifteen the kids are in bed and maggie's in her cage#maybe i could wuther your heights ?
well okay blow out that lamp and i will take off my victorian undergarments#all right let's take that
(struggles) if you just#(struggling) this comes off
no (grunts)#all right let's see what we have got here
they are gay i get it#you have been in there over an hour boy other people have to confess too you know oh i can not hold it in i hate this house
yeah i can not wait to see which one of 'em dies first#look we can not give up we are on tv and when you are on tv you dig in your claws and you never let go just like bill moyers
int 1895 house  parlor  evening)#(touched noise)
with all this hard work i am too tired to worry about the world and soon i will marry one of father's wealthy business associates#oh i wish you would reconsider the proposal of hiram beatwife
int 1895 house  living room  day)#marge i am off to the blacksmith to get my tooth pulled
ext house  continuous)#(surprised noise)
(surprised noise)#(moans) lisa explain
i guess the network made our show more exciting by dumping the house in a river#marge throw me an oldtimey rope in an oldtimey way
int 1895 house  moments later)#you monsters you have turned this show into a "survivor" clone
mr simpson your contract allows us to do anything we want to you#i would never sign that unless there was a red sticker that said "sign here"
uhhuh that is what we used#where do you get those things anyway ?
oh no everything's ruined our good bellows (holds up bellows) our stereopticon (holds up stereopticon) squiggy (holds up dead squiggy then tosses him aside) homer your strop your strop#(sobs) our lives are ruined
we are not allowed to interfere with the reality of the show which reminds me (to assistants) burn the leftovers leave nothing#(sobs) i can not remember the last time i cried like this
when you put your tshirt on backwards ?#(sobs) oh yes the tag chafed my throat (sobs a little more then immediately calms down and says chipperly) let's go eat some bugs
psst psst#savages i will handle this marge
savages i will handle this marge#we come in peace we takem your land
but now we are going to escape we are going to overpower your crew and return to civilization#(impressed) wow (turns) marge i think i figured out their primitive language
and yet i have learned nothing#and now to wreck their precious helicopter
no homer no that is our only way home#yeah but okay (straining noise) oh (worried noise)
yeah but okay (straining noise) oh (worried noise)#(reminiscing) that lenny sure had a crazy apartment
oh it sure is good to be home#no more reality shows for us let's watch some quality scripted television
(grimly) i think i am gonna be sick#(moans) that is it tv was the one good thing in my life and now i can not enjoy it any more
yeah if we read books we could form a club#if we formed a club we could serve drinks
hey dad why do not we watch you drink from a hose ?#good idea lisa
good idea lisa#hm the water's off i will use my eye to see what the trouble is
hm the water's off i will use my eye to see what the trouble is#hm off again maybe i can hear what is going on
hm off again maybe i can hear what is going on#so this has become a game of wits has it ?
so this has become a game of wits has it ?#perhaps my other eye will get to the bottom of this
perhaps my other eye will get to the bottom of this#(getting sprayed noise)
no one will ever know#mail call
(interested noise) anything good ?#the "george foreman mail sorter" will let us know
the "george foreman mail sorter" will let us know#(reading handwritten postcard) "your family is invited to a free weekend at stagnant springs spa"
(frightened) help please someone throw me a stick#do not struggle you will only sink faster
ha ha ha go ahead look the whole world already saw it in "nudist camp commandant" ( la sgt schultz) i wore nothing#(reading) "do not use steam room if you are overweight or have a heart condition" (charles nelson reilly noise)
(reading) "do not use steam room if you are overweight or have a heart condition" (charles nelson reilly noise)#wait a minute i am not wearing a shirt
wait a minute i am not wearing a shirt#(panicked scream)
who ordered the steamed gentile ?#(woozy chuckle) mmm steamed gentile
do not worry us pigs will catch this killer now mr simpson is it possible you are living a double or triple life that your wife does not know about ?#triple no definitely no
paris ?#(gasp)
(murmur agreement)#so which one of these psychos is gonna help me catch my killer ?
now i will need roundtheclock access to all the simpsons (sinister) especially bart#well then you might as well stay with us we serve the same meat the prisons do
(to homer) dad i can not believe you are putting my life at risk to save your own#(tenderly) you will understand someday when you have kids
fair enough but now that we know what it can do there is no need to (getting shocked noise) mother f#wow you do not even have to point it at him
homer think carefully of all the people you have known who might have reason to do you ill ?#hmm well there is mr burns fat tony the emperor of japan expresident bush
the late frank grimes#pbs stephen hawking the fat little dixie chick
how can one ordinary man have so many enemies ?#i am a people person (admitting) who drinks
homer in order to identify your assailant i must follow you through the course of a normal day just do what you usually do and the killer will reveal himself#gotcha
this is a normal day ?#(ashamed) i just wanted to impress you
welcome to your springfield mardi gras headquarters cast your vote now for this year's king#mardi gras eh ? did not last year's king have to abdicate because he married a commoner ?
our time is passing old friend#(sarcastic) uh if you two country hens are finished clucking i'd like to buy a copy of jugs and ammo
well we have settled that argument you can not read a magazine and drive#look junior i expect this to be fixed with quality gm parts
but your car was built in croatia it is made from old soviet tanks#just fix it mr sasswrench
homer please the last thing you need is more enemies#right right (then to mechanic) i am countin' the pennies in the ashtray (looks inside car) there is two
the trap is set the killer will think this dummy is you out for an evening stroll now we lie in wait like hungry cassius for noble caesar#you are so smart (to bart) shock him
(woozy noise)#ooh someone's coming
now who is the sociopath ? huh ?#moe he is got a dark side i have never dreamed of
(grunts) thank you lord (grunts)#(grunts) once i kill you everyone will think i am the real homer (chuckles)
i'd just come up behind him with a knife and slit his throat real quicklike#guys bob is my only hope back off and give him some room to think
int bar  front door  continuous)#oh my god he is getting closer
listen homer i do not know who your killer is but i do know he will strike again your only hope is to stay completely out of sight#very well i am gone
very well i am gone#do not look at me
homer simpson ?#right here
you have been elected king of mardi gras#woo hoo good things do happen to bad people
honey the king of mardi gras has to ride around on a float all day you will be a sitting duck#(aside) marge you are embarrassing me in front of the drag queen
homer it is a trap you only won because somebody stuffed the ballot box with these#nonetheless the people have spoken
but i am afraid you will get hurt#marge this is a way to flush this killer out once and for all  and get drunk on a tuesday
today's tuesday and you have had six beers#but i am not drunk
the killer is out there i would stake my entire fortune of cigarettes on it#now bob i know you are concerned but do not worry i have operatives working the crowd
ext springfield street  continuous)#america loves its kings from george the third to larry
america loves its kings from george the third to larry#(scared noise)
(scared noise)#phew just italians
homer you must get off that float the brake line has been cut#oh my god (then composing himself) attention drunken idiots this is your king sacrifice yourselves to slow me down
hey how 'bout some beads ?#they are not for dudes
(grim determination) must save buffoon#(screams)
(screams)#(big confused noise) i did it
(big confused noise) i did it#you saved my life
i have saved a life and it feels wonderful and yet i could just as easily drop you to your death#do not be so sure i have got my legs wrapped around your ass pretty tight
everything going dark like duff stout the beer that made ireland famous i love you doris i#(gasp) we are up so high where could that shot have come from ?
there is your killer#well duh
well duh#your king needs these stilts
jesus is our only king#not anymore
int alley  continuous)#hey i know you you are my mechanic junior
frank grimes junior#(trying to remember) frank grimes
do not you remember ? your apelike incompetence drove my father insane#(trying to remember) frank grimes
what is this ? "extremely high voltage" well i do not need safety gloves because i am homer simp#oh yeah how is old grimey ?
he is dead like you should be#whoa wait frank grimes wasn't married how could he have a son ?
dad i figured it out the murderer is#we know frank grimes jr
dad i am really glad you are still alive#(sweetly) yeah it is every parent's dream to outlive their children goodnight son
the very reason that i live / is plotting how to watch him die#bart turn down that original cast recording and go to sleep
(through tears) but i am not tired#goodnight sleepyhead do you have to poop ?
hey i only hung out with krabappel because skinner blew her off i have never seen her so sad#you know what made me feel better about myself ? that award i got for world's greatest dad
and you only wanted those as bait to catch gummy fish#which i did
which i did#mm trophy
nope#disney world ?
sorry grampa#gator gulch ?
grampa you are not even going#wait a minute i know where we are going oh it is horrible
ext florida  day)#(aghast) it is even boring to fly over it
(aghast) it is even boring to fly over it#(anguished moan) oh god
ewww#(suggestively) let's go make some fireworks of our own
i get to tamp the powder#(loving) i would not have it any other way
this woman carried me for nine and a half months i was out for two weeks then went back in#hey skinner do you and edna want to join marge and me at "great moments with mr eisner" ?
i believe the only venue for me is the ride of broken dreams#oh you mean the enron ride let's go
so many categories gym teacher of the year substitute teacher of the year most wheelchairaccessible school award ?#(very excited) who will take home the rampy ?
i love teachers in fact i am a teacher i taught paul mccartney to go "whoo"#(requesting song) purple rain
shut up#(excited) michael jackson just told me to shut up
julio estudiantean innercity math teacher who taught teenage gang members that differential equations are more powerful than bullets#(outraged) what a rip you all should be ashamed
i love happy endings#well here's ours we are going to disney world
step away from the wall step away from the wall#oh it is so beautiful
oh it is so beautiful#one churro please
that'll be fourteen dollars#(anguished moan) here
mom dad my birthday's coming up and girltech turbo diaries are in stores now#lisa nobody likes a shill
just buy me the friggin' toy#(laughs fondly) i love that little shill let's get her that diary
ext mall  day  establishing)#ohmygodohmygodohmygod
dad you can not eat all those free samples we have got to get lisa's present#watch and learn
watch and learn#(mouth full zombielike) more free samples
dad you ate all the free samples now you are eating men's slacks#eh it is still better than indian food
eh it is still better than indian food#one turbo diary please
unauthorized user access denied#(turns to bart sad) now what am i gonna get lisa ?
i wonder what mommy's medicine tastes like#lisa's not gonna want that oh what can i get her ?
shop o' the mornin' homer just call me "mall" flanders (chuckles)#what are you buying ? jerk stuff ?
sounds like fun let's party#hey your kid is in the movie  and the movie knows his name maybe lisa will like this better than the diary stupid flanders you are a genius
(stagy) i wonder what this could be ?#(stagy) i think you will be pleasantly surprised
(winks) could it be some kind of book ?#(smiling) well yes and no
(smiling) well yes and no#mostly no
(sotto to homer) you were supposed to get her that stupid diary#(warmly) but it is a personalized video about my favorite little star  lisa simpson
i do not like mcnuggets i am a vegetarian#still ? then you are not gonna like your other present
(angry) dad that information is all wrong maggie's a baby not my best friend (crying) you do not know anything about me#maggie you are her best friend go talk to her
maggie you are her best friend go talk to her#oh what have i done ? (to marge) children do not remember bad birthdays do they ?
(worried murmur)#(very friendly) good morning honey did you cry out all your angries ?
(coldly) i do not think so#oh lisa's still mad at me
i am still mad at you for chopping up my skateboard with an axe#i did it for the insurance money
i did it for the insurance money#look lisa i am still trying to get to know you who is your favorite traveling wilbury ? is it jeff lynne ?
dad you have had eight years to get to know me it is too late#but i am full of questions what is your favorite cigar size ? (calling out) is it robusto ? is it ?
yeah at least you ain't aging six years for every one 'cause of your cow heart#oh my daughter hates me because i do not know anything about her
he found out who was cobbling shoes for me at night turns out i have severe schizophrenia#well if hiring this guy will make lisa like me again then i will do it can i get this beer to go ?
int art deco building  detective's office  continuous)#drunk cop ? is that you ?
no look lower#ooh pie
what can i do for you ?#my name is homer simpson and i desperately need your help
let me guess it is about a girl#(gasps) how did you know ?
(shakes head) it is always a dame usually with gams that do not quit till they get to the shoes and then they are only napping#(chuckles) priceless
(chuckles) priceless#i need you to find out everything about my daughter so she will think i am a good dad
okay i will get a line on your kid i charge fifty bucks a day plus expenses#anything to trick my daughter into liking me now if you need to reach me my email is chunkylover53 at aol
chunky lover 53 ?#it is one word
one word#chunkylover53
at aol#dot com
ext nuclear power plant  the next day)#ah the information i have been waiting for
is that miles davis' "birth of the cool ?"#you should know it is your favorite album
so you know one thing about me big deal#wait wait
wait wait#i thought you might like to go to an animal rights protest today
(coming around) well maybe#on the way home we could stop and get your favorite treat (checks report) icecream
and look at the way they have slathered those pigs with cosmetics#so sad yet so sexy yet so delicious (drooling noise)
(happily) dad today was so great the animal rights protest a visit to the museum of sadness and oppression#well we should get along i mean after all i am your (peeks at report) father
how'd you think of such perfect things for us to do ? did mom help you ?#mom ? do not you think i could read the report by myself ?
what report ?#(searching) uh report is a daddy word that means "loves his daughter"
you read the "loves his daughter" by yourself ?#that is right honey
int '40s building  detective's office  later that night)#you did it lisa thinks i am the greatest i might even put you to work on bart and maggie go superdad on all their asses
i believe there is still the matter of my expenses#oh yes well let's take a look and see (shocked) a thousand dollars how did you spend a thousand dollars ?
it is itemized#(reading) "a forty dollar steak ?"
yeah but if i'd eaten the whole thing it would've been free#you have been living like a king on my dollar super unleaded gas silver bullets ?
early on i was working under the theory that your daughter was a werewolf it did not pan out#i can not believe the man who agreed to follow my daughter around  for money  would turn out to be a dirt bag
you better pay up simpson#(scared noise)
(yelling after him) you will regret the day you crossed dexter colt#(yelling back) you will regret the day you went to the expensive coffee place
i was framed you believe me do not you dad ?#of course i do it is all my fault for refusing to pay
of course i do it is all my fault for refusing to pay#( la phil silvers)  pay attention to you my sweet little fatherloving pile of forgiveness yes
blackening our hair was a great idea dad (examines self in mirror) i look just like a powerpuff girl#i look just like elvis
i look just like elvis#(sad moan)
lady penelope arielponyweather#uh rock strongo
(rolls eyes) your real name ?#uh lance uppercut
(sighs) thank you sign here mr uppercut#let me just put on my glasses
let me just put on my glasses#(angry) you are charging how much for a room ?
hello ?#(phony voice) hello this is a phone survey if the election were held today would you vote for "a" the cops are there or "b" you are free to talk ?
uh "a" and i'd like to add that proposition "hug lisa for me" has my full support#(regular voice) oh marge you are not gettin' it it is me homer simpson
int cabin motel  continuous)#lisa this is from your mom
aw (then) life on the lam is really hard but at least it is with you dad i feel terrible for putting you through this after what a wonderful father you have been#lisa i can not lie to you any longer this is all my fault i am the worst dad in the world
what ? why ?#(admitting) the man who framed you is a crooked detective who i hired
why did you do that ?#to find out everything about you so i'd seem like a good father
(shakes head) how could you ?#well all the childless drunks at moe's thought it was a great idea
all right simpsons the jig is up we know you are in there#(stagy) okay i am coming right out the door (beat) dammit these windows are so hard to squeeze through
ext field  day  establishing)#cheer up honey we are living an all natural existence the kind you like ooh a trash can we will find breakfast in here
i do not wanna eat from the trash#oh a banana
oh a banana#(confused noise) it is full of cigarette butts (pulls out second peel) so is this one
those are the test animals the detective must have sold them to the circus#we will just tell the police and then i am back to being plain old rock strongo
how ya doin'#dexter colt the man who framed my daughter
you should have paid the expenses#(defiant) in retrospect yes
ext circus grounds  moments later)#i will just hide here
i will just hide here#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#(shrieks)
int hall of mirrors  continuous)#(chuckles) now what are you gonna do ? you can not shoot all of us
(chuckles) now what are you gonna do ? you can not shoot all of us#(pained) damn it
how did she find us ?#oh lisa has excellent hearing once when she was three i was quietly sobbing in the closet and she found me
(pained) i can not see#how ironic now he is blind after a life of enjoying being able to see
ext circus grounds  later)#well it wasn't easy honey but i am glad you love me again
well it wasn't easy honey but i am glad you love me again#(warmly) yeah but what is gonna happen to the animals ?
(warmly) yeah but what is gonna happen to the animals ?#do not worry honey (looks around then confidentially) i released them all into the wild
hey dad will you read me a bedtime story ?#why certainly son just hand me that book you have got there
unauthorized user access denied#(getting shocked noises)
this was done on her wedding day or should i say "deading day"#how the mighty have fallen into my price range i wanna go there
how the mighty have fallen into my price range i wanna go there#woo hoo
sword baseball bat sword rifle sword pineapple sword sword sharpener sword pie (looks around) hey what happened to the sword pie ?#what do i do now ?
do you need some assistance picking over the tattered remains of my life ?#no i am good
no i am good#hey your early porno movies (scanning titles) are any of these hetero ?
(weary salesman) what is there is there#got any junk that will go up in value after you die ?
my first weight set#(impressed gasp) the weights that changed you from a bavarian creme puff to a mass of twitchy muscles ?
(chuckles) they know you are talking about them#(gestures to weight set) i will take it
there is no way all this junk is gonna fit in that car#no no worries this is what all those hours of playing tetris were for
no no worries this is what all those hours of playing tetris were for#perfect
but there is no room for you#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#do you think you could give me a lift home ?
sure i will carry you in this giant snuggli (holds up giant prop snuggli) i used it to carry rob schneider in the movie "my baby is an ugly man"#(sleepy) your heartbeat is so soothing
int simpson house  living room  day)#it is all my fault my wife got mugged
(hopeful noises)#wait marge i do not want you to leave the house without this
wait marge i do not want you to leave the house without this#emergency whistle pepper spray and this map of the most vulnerable parts of a man's body
why is it ned flanders ?#("duh") oh like i am gonna kick chief wiggum in the groin
(deep breath) all right just to the mailbox and back#now dr hibbert said to use a number from one to ten to describe how anxious you are
two three two#do not worry everything is fine (noticing something) what the hell is that ?
two#it is not just a bug it is the queen of something
ten ten ten ten#do not worry i will set fire to the hive
twelve fifteen seven hundred and three#run
oh my goodness it looks just like the kwikemart#yep but you are still safe at home after a few practice trips here the real kwikemart will be a piece of cake now bart will play apu
(disgruntled) i am a magazine rack#look i am the first to admit it i do not write good parts for women
(unpleasantly surprised) aggh silly string#kids i will go find your mother
kids i will go find your mother#dad we are canceling the rest of the play
int hallway  continuous)#marge ?
int living room  a little later)#listen kids your mom is going to be living in the basement but with our love she will get better soon
what if she does not ?#then we will have to smoke her out
int simpson house  basement  continuous)#(grunt) why you little oh hi jesus i was just
(grunt) why you little oh hi jesus i was just#wow honey eating dinner downstairs is great is not it kids ?
(playing along) the air hockey table makes passing the carrots a breeze#bart eat your spinach
no way#yes way
and all those feet going by the window are really creeping me out#it is like we are at cheers i loved that show because you always knew it was only a half hour till "wings" then you could just sleep till monday
(uncomfortable) mom#(wolfish) owwoohwoohwooh i am married to joey heatherton
dad do you plan to get in shape ?#no actually i am going to eat twice as much
i am stronger than i have ever been i do not have to go back inside i am not afraid#alright mom / yay mom / woo hoo
you have just been margeinalized#marge that was amazing it is like i am married to shaft
(normal voice) hey hot stuff i have got a competition tomorrow i could use a goodluck snuggle#i'd rather talk about our feelings i feel that illegal performanceenhancing drugs are too common these days rebuttal ?
let's do it#(searching) listen my bulky flower ii have an early day
i wasn't asking#(scared noise)
(scared noise)#(false cheerfulness) 'mornin' kids i made your lunches they are on the table
huh ? why did not mom make our lunch ?#your mom has a lot of stuff to shave
your mom has a lot of stuff to shave#(matteroffact) ow ow ow oww
i am tired of her criticizing my saggy glutes#quiet her muscular ears can hear us
so then i pop my delts clench and bam not a dry eye in the house#oh i am so proud of you honey you bulked up but managed to keep your femininity
(fierce) and that is why i did not win#sorry sir sorry
starting tomorrow i am gonna up my glycoload use a denser ripping gel#(frightened) denser ?
int bar  continuous)#marge ?
marge ?#somewhere in that sea of bull hormones is the sweet wonderful girl i married the woman who instead of swatting a fly will give it a bath and send it on its way i'd sure like to go home and have jiffy pop with her
you know i really do miss being a lady#and i miss being your knight in flabby armor
oh homie#(giggles)
(giggles)#(seductive) ready for a real workout marge ?
(romantic) mmhmm#good can you wax the car ? ow ow ow i am kidding i am kidding
dad it is so enlightened of you to take us to a wnba game#yeah well nachos are nachos
fine i will go back to being bored#(to self) wow i wonder what it would be like to be with a woman like that
(to self) wow i wonder what it would be like to be with a woman like that#mmm farfetched
the winning fan is in section a#yes
row 12#(excitedly) yes
 seat 16#woo hoo
woo hoo#huh ?
(in jumbotron) praise the lord my seat has scored#(moans)
thanks for supporting the wnba sir#i think my leg is broken
(cheers)#(faint annoyed grunt)
i am sorry sir your car is still blocked in#well i guess flanders does not have all the luck
that cuts the mustard with me#(moans) it is not fair i always wanted to drive a foodshaped car
(chuckles) the steering wheel is a giant onion ring#they thought of everything (sobs falls to knees) how come all the good things happen to jesus h nice ? (sobs) by which i mean flanders (sobs some more)
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#(annoyed grunt beat annoyed grunt beat etc)
(curious noise)#(annoyed grunt beat annoyed grunt beat etc)
what are you doing ?#the grass is actually greener on flanders' side
that is because you keep passing out on our lawn#no that is not it he is got some secret and i am gonna find out what it is no matter what it takes
int flanders' kitchen  continuous)#flanders what is your secret ? you never get arrested you do not buy your clothes at "mr blob" and look at your beautiful lawn it sickens me
(chuckles) well whatever i have got i owe to hard work honest living and flossing my teeth tail and toes plus a little prayer now and then#(rubbing chin) so that is all it takes a little prayer
and now "ken burns" a documentary by ken burns about the life of ken burns#ugh where is the remote ?
they so consumed my life i never had time for a proper haircut#well since i do not have the remote i can just get up and change the channel
well since i do not have the remote i can just get up and change the channel#(loud moan)
(loud moan)#(very anguished noise then) wait a minute i will do what flanders does
(very anguished noise then) wait a minute i will do what flanders does#(shutting eyes) o merciful god who has blessed mankind with two kinds of clam chowder help me find the remote
(shutting eyes) o merciful god who has blessed mankind with two kinds of clam chowder help me find the remote#(gasp) there it is
i have never actually been to a baseball game the fresh air gives me hives#die monster
you are watching monkey olympics on fox#it worked i got my wish from now on i will pray till my hands are chapped and bleeding
she is throwing her diaper at the judges#(folding hands praying fast) o lord please guide that diaper into someone's schnozz
(folding hands praying fast) o lord please guide that diaper into someone's schnozz#(looks at tv then happy) yes
int power plant  day)#vengeful god / loving god vengeful god / loving god vengeful god / loving god vengeful god / loving god (chuckles) i could do this all day and i just might vengeful god / loving god vengeful god / loving god
setting up a prayer station eh homer ?#you know i used to think god only helped professional athletes and grammy winners but now i realize he helps shmoes like me too carl
makes sense to me ooh by the way did you see the judging in the monkey figure skating ? whose banana you gotta peel to get a five point nine ? (scoff) could not believe that#dear lord as i think of you dressed in white with your splendid beard i am reminded of colonel sanders who is now seated at your right hand shoveling popcorn chicken into thy mouth (closing eyes) lord could you come up with a delicious new taste treat like he did ? (claps twice) i command you
(alarmed) fudge#(delighted) mmm move over eggs bacon just got a new best friend fudge
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#oh heavenly god my son is plagued with homework with your vast knowledge of (reading textbook) the shore birds of maryland i know you can help him
homer god is not some kind of holy concierge you can not keep bugging him for every little thing#can and will now to unstop this sink
can and will now to unstop this sink#lord please use your spaceage clogbusting powers on this stubborn drain then take some time off for yourself fly to france have a nice dinner
i will just call a plumber#(to god) oh lord i see thou art working through thy imperfect vessel marge for thou art most wise
you know most people pray silently#(points up) marge he is way the hell up there
your pipes have more roots than the list of alltime toprated tv shows#(moans) well we could live with a stoppedup drain
i do not think all that moisture's gonna do wonders for your drywall and it ain't in such great shape as it is#(exasperated noises)
(exasperated noises)#(baby talk) you was hiding behind the drywall yes you were i am glad social services did not see this yes i am
(baby talk) you was hiding behind the drywall yes you were i am glad social services did not see this yes i am#(baby talk) ooh you coughed up some dry wall
ext first church of springfield  day)#(long doppler yell)
(toughtalking) slip and fall ? can not go back to work ? i am larry h lawyer junior and i will fight for you i also habla espaol#(to god) so that is your answer i will sue the church
homer we can not sue the church they will poke fun at us in the church bulletin#it would not be the first time
it would not be the first time#i could not help it those pews are so comfortable
homer please do not sue the church i am asking you as your friend and neighbor#can i borrow your pen to sign this deposition ?
we are very sorry for the victim's injury but as this tape demonstrates mr simpson is accident prone#i can not see anything in this fog
okeydoke we find for mr simpson in the sum of one million dollars#woohoo can i get that in lottery tickets please ?
no#he is not giving it to me god is because i prayed for it
dad i think this might be the work of satan#it is all good
that is gonna drive me nuts#look this church is our only option do not you kids want to live here ?
and there are so many places to cloister myself#the dog's on board too
the dog's on board too#aw he thinks he is papal
well the court has spoken so (hands him keys sadly) here you go the baptismal font tends to run you have to jiggle the handle oh and wednesday is garbage day#sweet
(bitter muttering)#oh i love this song
oh i love this song#(singing) i was made for loving you baby / you were made for loving me
(singing) i was made for loving you baby / you were made for loving me#i can not get enough of you baby
dad there is a bunch of people in the community outreach center#(grimly) we will just see about that
("we can relate" murmurs)#i am so sorry for all your horrible problems but this is our dog's room now
homer that was not very christian of you#you are right marge i will make it up to them by throwing the bitchinest beer bash this church has ever seen
int church  continuous)#(breezy) bless you bless you how you doin' ?
so where is marge ?#she went to lovejoy's temporary church (rolling eyes) she is worried about her immortal soul
homer are not you afraid you might be i do not know incurring god's wrath ?#(shrugs) eh god's cool
see i do not know that he is in the bible he is always smiting and turning people into salt#(noticing) oh look god's giving us a little shower
(noticing) oh look god's giving us a little shower#everybody look at the muchneeded rain thank you god now turn the rainwater into wine
everybody look at the muchneeded rain thank you god now turn the rainwater into wine#(gagging shocked noise)
(gagging shocked noise)#(gagging shocked noise)
ext church roof  near the steeple  day)#(praying) oh wet and wonderful god your flood has driven us to the roof of your church surely this has proven whatever point you had
(praying) oh wet and wonderful god your flood has driven us to the roof of your church surely this has proven whatever point you had#(moans) god's ignoring me
dear lord please spare this sinful town they were misled by a demon in blue pants#i guess i learned something here god is capable of great anger and great mercy but mostly great anger
i can not believe you talked me into this#it is such a mess (grunts) watch the teeth
how could you make me baby stink breath and not even tell me ?#(defensively) i was going to tell you on my deathbed
your father invested it in a college trust fund which today must be worth a#(making noise to drown her out) la la la la la la la la la
but there must be some sort#(shaking head "that is not it") la la la la la la la nothing left (weakly) la la la la la
you spent all the money i earned ?#i needed it i had to buy back some incriminating photos
i needed it i had to buy back some incriminating photos#look see you are fine and thenoops uhoh look out
look see you are fine and thenoops uhoh look out#i know this looks bad but if you reverse it daddy's a hero
i know this looks bad but if you reverse it daddy's a hero#see bart i saved you
bart stop that#that is okay his cute little hands can not even fit around my neck
that is okay his cute little hands can not even fit around my neck#(strangled voice) now he is got it
mom i am sick of the way he treats me he disrespects me and i am just supposed to accept it ?#that is right you are mine till you are eighteen and when you are seventeen i am gonna know the end is near so i am gonna work you like a dog
"forgive and forget"#yes son at times like this i just look at my bracelet
good point dad what would jesus do ?#jesus ? i thought it was gepetto (disappointed noise)
jesus ? i thought it was gepetto (disappointed noise)#who is it ?
i am here to serve you with a subpoena (holds up subpoena)#well i am not opening the door
it comes with a side of bacon#is it crispy ?
yes#but not too crispy
but not too crispy#see you in court
yes i want to be emancipated#(creeped out) emancipated ? do not you like being a dude ?
mom you have always been cool to me but homer is a lousy dad and i am not gonna take it anymore#hey my dad was lousy and i did not sue him i just dumped him in the cheapest home i could find
mr simpson your son alleges that you have an anger management problem#why you little (then realizing) um i am sorry judge that is a rare lapse in my normally calm demeanor
"why you little"#why you little
(chuckles)#(shakes fist at bart) why you little (shakes fist at judge) why you little
all rise for the verdict#(lovingly) son i just want you to know whatever that judge decides i am gonna be the best dad i can
no judge would send a preteen out on his own#(to bart) woo hoo you are still mine (shakes fist) and you thought i was a bad dad before
except in this case#(charles nelson reilly noise)
further i hereby garnish homer's wages until bart is fully repaid#mmmmm garnish
that means half your paycheck goes to bart#what the ? half goes to bart half goes to my vegas wife what is left for moe ?
homer do not make things worse#i will show you worse
i will show you worse#(indignant) i was told this would be televised
sorry mom i gotta go#go ahead leave you will come crawling back
go ahead leave you will come crawling back#that is right crawling on your knees
that is right crawling on your knees#crawling (then to self) oh he is really gone (sobs) he is gone
ext simpsons house  late afternoon)#look out son this one's got a little mustard on it
look out son this one's got a little mustard on it#attaboy we just won the world series you and me together yeah
attaboy we just won the world series you and me together yeah#(happy noises then when head catches on power line getting shocked noises)
int simpsons house  continuous)#of all the sites on all the web i had to click onto his
darn it i keep pouring juice for five#(chuckles) did you see that boy ? your mom thinks you are still here
i think he might come home if we can show him we can treat him better#for your information i have been taking steps to become a better father
for your information i have been taking steps to become a better father#for the past week i have been carrying around this bag of sugar it is taught me how to love and care for a child
for the past week i have been carrying around this bag of sugar it is taught me how to love and care for a child#what the where the hell is my sugar ?
hi guys (uncomfortable) dad#(forced politeness) hello son you are looking well
well you need an expensive couch to watch an expensive tv#of course because you would not want to (realizing then furious) i paid for your splendor you
well that is great honey#do it without the attitude or do not do it at all
do it without the attitude or do not do it at all#(sincere) you know son i have been doing a lot of thinking i was wrong to exploit you and i will not do it again
thanks dad that means a lot to me#so do you think you might see your way clear to moving back in with your maw and me ?
if you are getting bogus returns on your investmentscontact goldman sachs the skewwwed financial planners up next on the halfpipe boarding legend tony hawk#psst mr hawk may i have a word with you ?
an extreme word ?#sure (very loud) my son is bart simpson and
i did not say extreme to the max#sorry i just wanna win my son back so badly
i can relate i am a father myself (sighs) one day they are little shredders and the next day they are grinding and gnashing their way to college#yeah i make up words too anyway i was wondering if you could pretend to lose to me in a skateboarding contest so i can be a hero to my boy again
this board represents the ultimate in poser technology it gives people the illusion they have talent#groovy
(holds up board) just lock your feet in and the board does all the work#all the work ?
now the portion of our event where champion tony hawk may be challenged by any unknown member of the audience#i am challenging you hawk in front of all these outcasts and dreamers who can not even get into the army if you can believe it
dad how drunk are you ?#(defiant) not very
shhh#now to win back my son in comfort and style
now to win back my son in comfort and style#(musing) you know i could save money by buying separate nuts and mixing them at home
(mad) man i wanted him to look good but not to show me up it is time to take out the thrash#(relaxed humming)
(falling noise)#woo hoo i rule this pseudo sport (turns to bart) come back to me boy
dad you do not understand this was never about being cool it was about you not caring how i felt#aw that is the dumbest thing i ever heard you stupid little kid
(moan of pain)#finally someone explains it to me in words i can understand look boy i know i did wrong and i am truly sorry
finally someone explains it to me in words i can understand look boy i know i did wrong and i am truly sorry#i put you in humiliating commercials for money which i spent on myself i just wish i had an opportunity to make things right
mr simpson i like the way you handled yourself on that board would you like to do a commercial for us ?#anything as long as i can give the money to my son
excellent i represent viagrogaine the topical rub for bald impotent men#well i am bald and important where do i sign ?
oh steve you are everything a girl could want what is your secret ?#well kathy i will tell you it is viagrogaine it gives you lots of hair and what you need down there (to camera) what are you waiting for loser ?
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#(worried) what did they say about my scalp ?
int simpson living room  continuous)#it is nice to see a realistic single woman on tv
ooh a new hamburger sandwich#wow i can not wait to pack that into my colon
dude take it easy on the fatty foods you are running out of leg veins to transplant into your heart#i got arm veins do not i ?
it was so exciting  i actually got applause for being smart#mars eh ? hmmm i see no evidence of water
hey hey the ribwich is back#(gasps) the ribwich the commercials have come to pass
(goofy voice) try the new ribwich it is so good you will croak#you seem like an impartial observer but i have been fooled by so many people in costumes
try the sauce  i am soaked in it#(ecstatic moan) i could lick you all day long
and yet my children think i am a failure#one ribwich please
one ribwich please#hm now without lettuce
sir are you all right ?#i have eaten the ribs of god
(into mic) drool cleanup at register four#(more ecstatic shuddering)
oh our little girl's got her own cheering section#hey who does not ?
well why do not we celebrate by going to a movie ?#that sounds like a magical family moment i am sorry i will not be there
(disappointed) really ? it will not be the same without you dad#oh sweetie you are the most important thing to me in the whole world only very serious daddy business can tear me from your side
int krustyburger  day)#(grandly) three ribwiches please and instead of a shake i'd like a blended ribwich
(chuckles) he is an acerose (asserose)#not again first you took away my philly fudge steak and then my bacon balls then my whatchamachicken (sobs) you monster
not again first you took away my philly fudge steak and then my bacon balls then my whatchamachicken (sobs) you monster#i'd like a large fries please and a collector's cup
dude if you still want the ribwich they are testing it in other markets check out the tour schedule#wow this is amazing i could follow the ribwich from town to town
that is what we do we are ribheads#(scratching chin) maybe i should hook up with you guys after all how long do any of us have to live ?
welcome to the games of the 34th spellympiad i am george plimpton founder of the paris review i also played the evil dean in "boner academy"#you monster why did you expel boogerman ?
he replaced my tennis racket with a rubber phallus#(chuckles) that was awesome
well i am just happy you guys all came up here to calgary with me#i am sorry honey i can not be here tomorrow it is the last day the ribwich is in san francisco
dad this is my moment in the sun how can you miss it to be with a sandwich ?#you do not understand it is not just a sandwich it is about brotherhood it is about freedom (growing desperation) it is about three days since i have had one i am getting the shakes and i am getting the fries
lisa may i see you privately for a moment ?#this can only be good
hey man can you turn me on ?#hey do not borgnine my sandwich
will you get out of my look about the ribwich there are not gonna be anymore  the animal we made 'em from is now extinct#(worried) the pig ?
you are way off think smaller think more legs#(grossedout sounds)
people we went through something magical together  and it is not important who got rich off of whom or who was exposed to tainted what and because you believed in my dream i want you to fight over the last ribwich ever made here#welcome to the real world hippies
i givea you the leasea to my car#(remembering gasp) lisa ? is this what i have come to ? fighting over a stupid sandwich on my daughter's big day ? (to italian man) mister i will take that car
intransigence "i"#daddy made it for your dance recital honey
dad you do care#damn right honey you are number one on my menu now supersize it
lisa honey you spelled the word wrong but you did the right thing#yeah you are the number one speller in this car (points) or in that car (points) or in that car (points) or do not look at that car
(bleary noise) hold your horses i was up all night fishing out the drawstring from your father's swimsuit#it came out again
oh what a magical evening the moonlight the music the water#enough talk dip me my love
(straining noises)#lower lower
(straining noises)#lower
poor ned this is his first jellyfish festival alone#i know and it does not get any easier from here there is the tonguekissing festival cinco de ocho the hobo oscars days just made for lovers not widowers lovers
ext simpson house  back yard  day)#(slight coughs)
psst homer#flanders ? can not a man just drink alone on a wednesday morning ?
i need your advice (loud whisper) it is about a lady#ooh lemme guess skinner's mother she sure knows how to swing it
no it is sara sloane i have a date with her tonight#sara sloane ? the movie star ?
yep why would that twinkie want to go out with a ding dong like me ?#flanders i mix twinkies and ding dongs all the time in europe they call it a dinkie
well sir that is very encouraging but i can not date a movie star i am no arthur miller or lyle lovett#now wait just a minute  i used to worry marge was too good for me she was always thinking of ways to improve me but then part of her died and she does not try any more (happily) so we are all where we want to be
now she is dating mr flanders that is so romantic#who the hell is mr flanders ? (getting it) oh flanders
who the hell is mr flanders ? (getting it) oh flanders#hello ? yes i am ned flanders' close personal friend that is right hot and heavy they have never been happier oh yes i she does look pregnant now who might you be ? a tabloid ? is that one of those really strong mints ? hello ? hello ?
mmhmm i have not felt this good since we stole the 2000 election#hey do not blame me i voted for the green m&m
why those guys are such leeches#moe what are you doing here ?
fine i will wear your stupid jacket#(turnedon shudder)
(turnedon shudder)#(sad moan)
(sad moan)#(turnedon shudder)
(turnedon shudder)#(sad moan)
(sad moan)#(turnedon shudder)
(turnedon shudder)#(sad moan)
(sad moan)#(turnedon shudder)
homer sara wants us to have sex#stupid flanders i am not giving you any of my secret moves
well i am not sure i want to do it i mean "who'll buy the cow when you get the milk for free ?" you know the cow being me#look flanders i am always interested in talking about free milk and if there is cookies involved so much the better
(wistful) i bet we woulda lasted twice that long#poor ned gardening away his misery
i am very happy for you ned#(warmly) me too
(warmly) me too#uhoh here comes helen fielding
(to no one) i need a quarter for the bus#(chuckling) droll
(chuckling) droll#(curious noise) mmm promo
(curious noise) mmm promo#ew fox
ext simpson house  backyard)#(yelling) do  you  hear  a  noise ?
i got lisa's plankton kebabs#(grossed out noise) marge germs
how much longer is this going to go on ?#i am gonna go calm my nerves with a nice relaxing shave
i am gonna go calm my nerves with a nice relaxing shave#tissues please
tissues please#(swinging wildly) get out of my airspace
dad why do not you go to the airport authority and complain ?#(inspired) i am on my way (all business) you man the rake
(inspired) i am on my way (all business) you man the rake#(falling noise)
we have already been to room 915 we have already filled out form 1790#it was an application to open a cinnabon stand
i never thought i would say this but i think we have to move#never
never#stay plugged in i will find you
stay plugged in i will find you#now cookie do you think you can sell this house ?
occasionally you might hear a faint roar#see it all works out ?
(to homer and marge confidential) it is a good offer i advise you to take it#(considering) make that a chocolate milk and you have got a deal
why do not we go to our congressman ?#that is a great idea why did not you say something before ?
i have been saying it for three weeks but every time i open my mouth#(yelling) what ?
quick someone perform cpr#(singing) i see a bad moon rising
that is ccr#(confused singing) looks like we are in for nasty weather
congressman wilcox was laid to rest today a special election will be held next month to fill his vacant seat#i guess there is only one way out of our problems a murder/suicide pact
how can you say that ?#it is just an expression marge
why do not you pound that sign into your own lawn ?#eh i am still undecided
because i was thinking about the american family one family in particular who was stepped on by the government and had nowhere else to turn#boring
i am talking about the simpsons#let him speak
you said you were gonna get rid of the airplanes over our house and now they are worse than ever#krusty you have let everyone down and even worse you have let down this sacred document (brandishes paper)
dad this is a kid's menu where you help yogi bear get to the washington monument#stained with the blood of american patriots
that is jelly#(somberly) from the unknown toaster
we have gotta do something to help him#yeah and to make things even more suspenseful our plane leaves in a half hour
excuse me i think i can help i have been working in this town for a long time and well i know how to get things done#beat it waxie
now homer that southern congressman is your biggest obstacle your job is to drink him under the table so he misses the vote you think you can do it ?#sir i studied under ed mcmahon
how 'bout a drinkin' contest boy ? right after i vote on the latest bill#how 'bout before ?
now we just need a distraction#(very drunk) you call this a bicameral legislature ?
(very drunk) you call this a bicameral legislature ?#(southern accent) i say i say my groin (receives punches) (pained noises)
at last those planes are flying where they belong#that is right over the homes of poor people
int plane  continuous)#so kids its valentine's day and you know what that means  you get to stay downstairs watching tv with the sound turned way up
what about you and mom ?#oh we will be upstairs in the bedroom making love ly rope ladders in case there is a fire
(happy) oh okay#(under breath fondly) children so nave
who is nave ?#i did not say anything (under breath) so nave
(pleased murmur) this is so romantic#oh my darling nothing is too romantic for you have some more liquor
oh my darling nothing is too romantic for you have some more liquor#(sneaky chuckle) that is it drink up my pretty
int simpson master bedroom  a moment later)#(chuckles) thanks for the love tip "60 minutes ii"
(chuckles) thanks for the love tip "60 minutes ii"#(sniffing intrigued) mm funky
(sniffing intrigued) mm funky#(seductive) hey there little red riding hood i ate your granny and now i am in the mood for love
(trying to stay awake) homie i am sorry you know i usually bring my agame to the bedroom but tonight i just can not throw the heat#(disappointed) but it is st valentine's day god wants us to do it
you are so cute when you are begging for sex but i am just too tired (yawn)#well my special mix tape will get you going
well my special mix tape will get you going#(panicked) oh no that is maggie's mix tape then maggie must have gotten
ext streets of springfield  late night)#shot down on valentine's day that is supposed to be a gimme everybody's gettin'some but me
game over#(sad sigh) everyone but me
int simpson house  tv room  continuous)#marge does not think i am sexy what am i supposed to do ?
marge does not think i am sexy what am i supposed to do ?#(intrigued) suicide eh ?
(intrigued) suicide eh ?#that is it thank you outdoor advertising you saved my marriage  and not for the first time
ext springfield university  the next evening)#"releasing your inner screenplay" "create an online kennel" ooh "strip for your wife"
welcome to "how to strip for your wife"#(shocked) dr hibbert ? you are the teacher ?
homer are you already oiled ?#(proudly) three coats
homer take this quarter call your mother and tell her you are never going to be a stripper#are not you gonna chuckle ?
int hallway  a moment later)#(sad moan) nobody loves oily homer
you there the greasy naked bald man#(gasps) you know everything about me
what would you say if i offered you the secret of true success ?#wipe me down and sign me up
(two grunts of exertion then) the trick is to blot the oil wiping just pushes it around#you are preaching to the choir man
(chuckles) you see this watch ? it is jammed with so many jewels the hands can not move what kind of watch do you have ?#uh well i drew it on see
the fortyeight tips to corporate success"#(impressed) oooh published by kinko's
do you want to be the ultimate you ?#yes
do you want to yodel at the top of the corporate mountain ?#yes
will you write me a check made out to "cash ?"#god yes
ext springfield  street  later)#tip one "live each day like it was your last"
ext side of the road  a little later)#i do not wanna die i am so young (sobs)
i do not wanna die i am so young (sobs)#(reading calmly) tip two "let nothing stand in your way"
int simpson house  later)#listen up "life obstacles" from now on nothing's gonna stand in homer simpson's way
listen up "life obstacles" from now on nothing's gonna stand in homer simpson's way#do your homework
do your homework#do not do so much homework
do not do so much homework#learn to talk
learn to talk#you let's love now
sounds good to me#go on ahead i will just slow you down
what is that ruckus ?#it is the sound of a gogetter at work marge look i installed a key hook so you will always know where your keys are
(cheer)#i finally harnessed the awesome power of the hook well time for work
int nuclear plant  homer's workstation  day)#megatronics tip twenty "make your cubicle into a youbicle"
"make your cubicle into a youbicle"#hmm what next megatronics ? (reads book) "point out problems at your workplace to your boss to separate yourself from the herd just tattle on the cattle hm
uhoh that is toxic waste#and now to see mr burns for the promotion and raise i have deserved since this morning
int mr burns' office  later)#(confident) mr burns i have made a list of recommendations to improve plant efficiency
oh have you now ? well huzzah huzzah i will just throw back my legs and pollute my britches with delight#but the book said you would applaud my initiative
(frustrated noise) would you mind ?#(sadly) yes sir
(sadly) yes sir#ahhh look at the little eels (then) electric eels (screams)
i did not know mr burns had an electric eel pond#well he does (angry) all my life i have had one dream to achieve my many goals mr burns has never given me a thumbs up or a "way to be" or a "you go girl" no he just steps all over everyone who works for him taking pleasure in making us feel small
(cheering him up) oh homie do not let it get you down so mr burns does not take you seriously ? big whoop who gives a doodle ? whoopie ding dong doo#thanks for trying but i will be at moe's
int moe's  later)#i gave mr burns the best years of my life and how much respect does he give me ?
who is this burns guy ? somebody you work with ?#(perplexed) moe we have been complaining about him every night for eight years
well if this guy's ridin' your rump why do not you slap him some payback ?#revenge ? on mr burns ?
or give him some face time with sweet lady brick (chuckles)#no i think this calls for something a little more cerebral
ext mr burns office  day)#wait will he steps on this flaming bag of (looks inside) lisa's college fund ?
(shocked gasp)#(shocked gasp)
do not you get it ? if you get rid of that bird burns is at your mercy#get rid of a bird ? no way their eyes are so expressive
homie what is wrong ?#why are you looking at me like that ?
why are you looking at me like that ?#i have a plan to get to the top but i have to do some pretty rotten things to get there i am not sure i could look at myself in the mirror or any highlypolished metal
int burns' office  continuous)#this is it boy with this bird gone the plant will be mine for the taking
(cooing noises) who wants a kiss ? who wants a kiss ?#mr burns the nuclear regulatory commission is here for a surprise inspection
(gasp) good lord that canary was supposed to be my pigeon i need to find a patsy quick#hello
yes yes hello now i need to find a patsy#hello
you are quite the friendly fellow but right now i am looking for a patsy#hello
you bumbling fool i keep telling you i am looking for a patsy#hello
finally i would like to add to any nuclear inspectors in the crowd that the titular head of the power plant is now mr homer j simpson#that is right and as my first act mr burns you are fired
that man's mad smithers get this bedlamite an alienist#no it is entirely within my power furthermore there never were any nuclear inspectors check and mate now king me
so the caterpillar has emerged from its cocoon as a shark with a gun for a mouth i only have one thing to say to that bravo#(surprised) huh ?
we clashed lances on the champs de mars and i have been bested (resigned) the plant is yours treat her well#(apparently touched) mr burns ?
(hopeful) yes ?#eat crowd old man
(sing) heyeyey goodbye#hey that looks fun do me
ext power plant  day  establishing)#mr burns' reign of terror is over
(cheers)#and today begins my reign of terr
(frightened gasp)# iffic management
oh i do not think he was going that way#unlike mr burns i will respect you the working class slob because we are all equals and now as i ascend this crystal staircase to my office i say avert your gaze
ext nuclear plant  day  establishing)#that is so cool bart open the door
that is so cool bart open the door#now open it again and put a walnut in there
dad please you are the head of a major corporation#you are right put two walnuts in there
dad have you looked at this earnings report ?#(babying her) sweetie these things are gonna take time i just found the doorshutting thing
(babying her) sweetie these things are gonna take time i just found the doorshutting thing#oh oh yeah
if you do not patch the leak in cooling tower two you will go to jail#(moans) i need a vacation
this is your vacation#can not i water ski a little bit ?
homer i will go over the yearend profit forecast if you will stop looking at my boobs#no deal
i got a gold star at school today for my expos on toxins in goldstar adhesive#that is great honey hold it up to the camera
homie i know you have got a lot of work to do but this really is not the same as eating dinner with your family#(on monitor) look there is nothing more important to me than you guys i f
(on monitor) look there is nothing more important to me than you guys i f#(on a completely different topic) best quality pork chops
dad this just is not working#lisa i deeply resentwith a big bowl of applesauce
hey dad you said you were gonna play catch with me tonight#well i have to work but give the monitor a kiss
i do not wanna do that#c'mon boy you are not too old to kiss your daddy's monitor
c'mon boy you are not too old to kiss your daddy's monitor#hey that is a printer port not a finger hole
(groggily) homie ?#hey honey sorry i am so late i had to lay off twentyseven robots do not tell me they can not cry
int burns' office  continuous)#(sad sigh) bart's growing up without me he will not be ten forever
(upbeat) knock knock#(gasp) mr burns (looks around) where is mr smithers ?
he is doing eighty years on an opium bust i never saw a man take to a turkish prison so quickly#how did you ever run this place ? you have gotta turn away your family fire your friends work until the wee hours of the afternoon
does it bother you that krusty uses madcow beef to save money ?#(emotional) yes yes if i keep putting work first i will lose everyone i care about just like you did
(emotional) yes yes if i keep putting work first i will lose everyone i care about just like you did#thank you mr burns thank you for huh ?
ext cemetery  the next morning)#what are you doin' ?
scream all you like no one will hear you#i do not know why you are trying to steal the plant back i do not even want it
brick by brick i seal his doom (crazy laughter)#(gently) there you go
hey dad pitch to me#from now on my only ambition is to be the world's greatest dad
hey you nearly hit me on the head#quit crowding the plate
quit crowding the plate#oh you want a piece of me ?
y'see ? this is the stuff mom will not do with me#(warmly) yeah
(warmly) yeah#ow ow he bit me you saw him he bit me you little
and what is that ?#no because they pass the savings onto me the consumer (spasmodic jerking noises)
(morose) nelson steals a hood ornament and now he is king of the school all that is left for me is to become the biggest drunk this town's ever seen#talking will not get you there
talking will not get you there#lisa what is bumming you out ? they cancel a test or something ? (chuckles)
dad my life lacks direction#it is a concern a serious concern
oh dad look at this one#sweetie daddy does not have enough money for thatunless they take a check
(wiseguy voice) we certainly do#boioioioinggg
why did you say that ? is your check gonna bounce ?#no of course not
no of course not#(mocking) duhuh
why did you say that ? are you implying that i am dumb ?#i have to go
int living room  late afternoon)#oh my god space monsters are invading us
dad that is a moth#oh well where do i twist this thing to make funny patterns ?
dad that is a kaleidoscope#you may be a smart kid lisa but you do not know much about not hurting people's feelings
uhoh  sounds like some bad eggs are cooking up trouble#mmm bad eggs (drools)
okay we have gotta start recruiting lou#hey mr smithers
hey mr smithers#it is this new anticrime dealie the mayor turned the streetlights way up my daughter lisa feels really strongly about it
pro or con ?#i'unno what am i superdad ?
boy this light has really screwed up the animals#(wistful) i will bet somewhere there is a horse drinking coffee
(a little crazed) live from new york it is saturday night#do not you think you are overreacting talking gumball machine ?
(loudly) palm recognized access granted#aw my baby's first words
it worked  i got my sky back dad look#night glorious night
thanks mom#i wish god were alive to see this
i wonder what mom came up with for this week's 'family wednesday'#i hope it is as fun as pictionary was last week
dad we weren't playing pictionary  that was an intervention to stop your drinking#what ? are you sure ?
what ? are you sure ?#(chuckles)
(chuckles)#(nostalgic) oh that takes me back
i am in#oh i hate this it is making me use my arms
oh i hate this it is making me use my arms#hey these two pieces were already connected  we are halfway there
does anyone have any swan heads ? i have got nothing but necks#can not help you  all i got is gray (holds up gray pieces) anybody working on a cement wall ?
turn it over homer#oh right (sheepish chuckle he sorts the pieces into piles) chinese guy chinese guy frisbee dog
(sharply) homer no scissors#(pouty) it is how the pros do it
oh i guess he is done with all the fun stuff#now let's see this is either an old coconut or tom hayden
hey homer what is with the deranged look ?#(menacing zombie noises)
i can not believe our family finished a project this complicated#it is the only worthwhile thing i ever made that wasn't lisa
it is the only worthwhile thing i ever made that wasn't lisa#prove me wrong silent bob
ooh that is quite a thingamajigsaw but it looks like you are missin' a piece#looks like you are missing a wife
he is right dad we are missing that singer's head#(gasp)
this awful it is like listening to schubert's unfinished symphony#or when i messed up taping "city slickers 2" and cut off the end was curly's gold just a legend ?
int simpson house  bedroom  evening)#(singsong  la "the warriors") puzzle piece come out and playay
(singsong  la "the warriors") puzzle piece come out and playay#hey what is this ? "marge's memory chest"
hey what is this ? "marge's memory chest"#aww marge saved all this stuff from when we were going out the fake business card i made up to impress her
aww marge saved all this stuff from when we were going out the fake business card i made up to impress her#tshirt from our first rock concert (chuckle)
tshirt from our first rock concert (chuckle)#"moe's tavern grand opening" (chuckle) that was back when his floors were sticky with promise
i should not have cheaped out on the shelf#i can not believe how young we looked in my memory
i can not believe how young we looked in my memory#hey there is writing on the back of this
hey there is writing on the back of this#(reading) "dear homer i can not believe you are making this the worst night of my life" (very puzzled noise)
young man you have ingested a dangerous amount of alcohol#(defiantly) the only dangerous amount is none
(defiantly) the only dangerous amount is none#let's go to ihop i am drivin'
let's go to ihop i am drivin'#okay burger king whatever c'mon
okay burger king whatever c'mon#(absentmindedly going through box) why did she stay with me if she hated me so much ? hey two days later she had a doctor's appointment
(absentmindedly going through box) why did she stay with me if she hated me so much ? hey two days later she had a doctor's appointment#(reading) "nausea cravings knockedup feeling (realizing) she was pregnant with bart and that is the reason she stayed with me
(sings) mock#(flatly) yeah
(sings) ing#(flatly) yeah
(sings) bird#(flatly) whatever
homie what is wrong ?#(tentative) marge did i ruin your life ?
oh is this about that billboard my sisters put up ?#no the voters will decide that in november i was talking about this
(busted) oh my god i forgot all about this where did you find it ?#more like where did not i find it it was practically everywhere
homer i am sorry you saw that but i was very upset that night#quit changing the subject how do you feel about me right now ?
well i love you of course but a lot of things you do still drive me crazy#so you mean our whole marriage you have just been resenting me behind my back ?
a little bit yeah#fine i will go sleep with someone who does appreciate me
int simpson house  bart's bedroom  night)#(quiet sobs)
iamatdisneyland#(sobs some more)
looks like you had a problem with those scrambled eggs#that was a muffin
i will fix you something#oh i get it your stupid husband is too (air quotes) "drunk" to do it right
well there are a lot of beer cans around here#oh so you do not like it when i drink what other secrets have you been hoarding to use against me ?
(annoyed) homer let it go it is not always going to be perfect we have been married for ten years#oh i did not realize you have been counting the years is it that horrible living with me ?
well this morning is not a barrel of laughs#(standing up) it is to me marge i can not live like this i am tired of walking around on eggshells
maybe if you did not throw 'em on the floor#now you are just making up rules who made you judge judy and executioner ?
(upset) dad where are you going ?#kids sometimes when a daddy learns that a mommy always hated him he needs some time away to think
(worried) but you are not gonna get divorced like milhouse's parents are you ?#(chuckles) no no this is nothing like milhouse's parents now if you need me i will be staying with milhouse's father
welcome to my place i just have a few rules if you see a necktie on the doorknob i am with a lady#(pointing to door) you do not have a doorknob
ext simpson street  night)#do i dare to go up ? or is the love that waits behind that window just a lie ?
uh homer i think you want your house next door#(grumbling) stupid flanders with his misleading silhouette well i guess i have no choice but to go back home and hey i never noticed that newspaper box
(grumbling) stupid flanders with his misleading silhouette well i guess i have no choice but to go back home and hey i never noticed that newspaper box#(reads front of paper) "apartment finder we put you in your place" (reads ad) "roommate wanted for three bedroom apartment (growing excitement) spacious river view only four hundred dollars a month" thank you news box (gasps) it is gone
ext springfield  street  the next day)#what a wellkept street and there sure are a lot of gay bookstores for a straight neighborhood
what a wellkept street and there sure are a lot of gay bookstores for a straight neighborhood#(points to ab statues) it is a cinch these guys never had any kids
(uneasy) hello simpson#what is the deal with this place ? it is so manly yet scented
no he is nobody shut up stuart#(calling) nice to meet you stuart
homer before you move in you should know that julio and i have an active social life#me too i am a member of this club where if i eat one more sub sandwich i get a free sub sandwich you probably saw the ads with this guy who used to be fat but now he is just ugly
homer what grady is saying is that how can i put this ? we might have a cocktails say where all the guests are male#(wary) are you trying to tell me that you guys are those guys that like guys ?
that is right homer we are gay#you are ? (considers) hm which will win out ? my oldfashioned prejudices or the fact that i have already mixed my laundry with yours i will have to sleep on it
int apartment  continuous)#you guys lead a fascinating life like why are you reading the new york times ? you do not live in new york
uch where'd you buy this ? from the guy on the exit ramp ? this is disgusting#calm down picky ricardo he made us a great breakfast and you are just ridin' his butt and not in a good way
(pleased) thank you homer it is a pleasure cooking for you#well get used to it 'cause i am gonna stay
it is either him or that girl who put "mother earth" as a reference and with a male roommate we can walk around naked#way ahead of you
that will be one hundred dollars#i see
(to kids) your father sure can be thoughtful (pointedly) when he wants to be#marge please let's not fight in front of the kids just secretly hate me the way you always have
hey i love watching you guys fight it is my earliest memory#why you little
(impressed) dad your hands feel so soft#(pleased) you noticed i have been using lancme
oh it shows i have not had a strangle that smooth since i was four#well i'd better go but before i do marge there is something i want to ask you
yes homie ?#how much do you tip a leg waxer ? i need to know by tomorrow
so how was your visit home ?#the kids are cool but marge is still judging me
so it is over between you two#maybe it is i used to look at marge and get the same tingle you guys get when you see rip taylor but now i do not know what is gonna happen (changing subject) c'mon let's dance
he is gay (clicks remote) he is gay (clicks) gay (clicks) gay (clicks) bi (clicks) gay (clicks) gay for pay (clicks) gay#tennessee williams ? but how did he survive in the world of theater ?
homie i tried to tell you how i feel but i can not find the right words maybe he can#weird al yankovic
homer marge wrote me about what happened and as soon as her check cleared i was on the first reasonablypriced flight here#did you ever get the parody songs i sent you ?
(weary) yes#which one was better "livin' la pizza loca" or "another one bites the crust" ?
they were pretty much the same homer#(pouty) yeah like you and allan sherman
now here's a song i wrote for you (singing to tune of "jack and diane") a little ditty 'bout homer and marge / her heart was as big as his stomach was large / oh yeah they say love goes on / long after the grilled cheese sandwich is gone#(chuckles then touched) it would take a man of stone with a funny bone of steel to resist that
homer would you at least let me take you out on a date ?#i do not know date a chick with kids
dad#all right all right
int apartment building  night)#wait a minute marge likes a little bit of stubble
wait a minute marge likes a little bit of stubble#uhoh gotta even it out
well we have got the cure for that margaritas#margarita that is mexican for marge i will take that as a sign
int apartment  night)#i have learned a lot living here it does not matter what someone's sexual preferences are unless they are a celebrity in which case (coyly) it is dish dish dish
homer weren't you supposed to meet your wife half an hour ago ?#(annoyed grunt) you guys do not have a gay time machine do you ?
ouch#i gotta go
we welcome cub scout troop number 102 we wish a happy birthday to karen and congratulations to marge and homer simpson on their reconciliation dinner#sorry i am late  the velvet mafia made me a margarita i could not refuse
that is better#but it was marge my first and only love i am like david spade without chris farley alone and useless
oh homer a guy as cool and special as you will have no trouble believe me#wow wow i never realized you felt about me that way we should really take some time to talk andi'd just end up hurting you
int moe's tavern  later)#you know moe i was just thinking my problems with marge started because i drink too much and then tonight alcohol only made things worse maybe all of my problems are actually caused by
but it is still not as bad as the first time i treated you for alcohol poisoning#oh yeah the night that destroyed my marriage
destroyed your marriage ? why i have never seen a woman look so devoted let's look at the tape#you have that on tape ?
he is stable now i will leave you two alone#so she did not hate me she married me because she loved me
and i still do#marge i never want to be apart from you again
well you will never have to#that is the best kiss i have had tonight
(loving) homie what are you thinking ?#manly thoughts
not true but you are welcome to sing the many beloved public domain carols such as o tannenbaum good king wenceslas jesu joy of man's desiring#those suck they are worse than nothing i could write way better songs
go ahead but do not use aflat or gnatural those notes are owned by disney#(moans)
that is aflat#(moans slightly higher pitch)
(moans slightly higher pitch)#that is it i am writing a christmas carol if i can make my own clothes i can do anything
int simpson house  night)#christmas in december / wow wow wow / give me tons of presents / now now now
hey homer writing a new christmas carol ?#maybe
oh i got it  you want me to stay out here and work on the chorus#flanders i am a patient reasonable handsome man but even i have my limits now beat it
why thank you homer it is a popsicle in my favorite flavor  plain#(frozen annoyed grunt)
(frozen annoyed grunt)#how am i supposed to write a song with that stupid jerk bothering me all the time wait a minute
how am i supposed to write a song with that stupid jerk bothering me all the time wait a minute#(sings) everybody in the usa / hates their stupid neighbor / (gaining confidence) he is flanders and he is really really lame / flanders tried to wreck my song / his views on birth control are wrong / i hate his guts and flanders is his name
(shout) flanrds#(sings) he is the man that i hate best / i'd like to see his house go up in flame
yeah he wishes#hey mister ? if you like my song so much would you like to buy a tape ? (selling) it is already rewound
no thanks but i would like to sing it with you and produce it#(rolls eyes annoyed) fine
(yelling) fla#(yells) his name is ned
(yelling) ers#(yells) ned's a stupid name (sings) he is worse than frankenstein or dr no
fla#(nagging old lady) do not yell at ned
(yell) der#(nagging old lady) his wife is dead
(nagging old lady) his wife is dead#(sing) everybody hates that stupid jerk
you do not have to move your feet / just hate flanders to the disco beat#he is your perky peppy nightmare neighborino
int flanders car  moving  day)#if you despise polite lefthanders
mass dismissed#hey what are we gonna wear tomorrow ?
i am so sick of that song#(exasperated) me too  i have come to hate my own creation now i know how god feels
why do not we take a vacation and get away from that song for a while ?#well i guess we could afford one nice trip
i still think you should have left that at the motel#what ? it said "take one"
and there is no radio or tv so we will not have to hear your song#sweet
(picks up another brochure) or we could go to walter gropius's bauhaus village ?#and fight the crowds ? forget it the simpsons are going to bart's idea
int car  continuous)#this dude ranch is gonna be great  a whole week without hearing that stupid song
"on this battleground in 1881 fiftysix indians lost their lives and four brave americans lost their hats"#(choked up) those poor hats
daddy i need upsies#coming sweetie
would you like to be photographed in my greatgrandfather's headdress ? he unified the nations of the western plains five dollars or three for twelve#can you shoot one where i am rambo and my wife is betty boop ?
unfortunately the beaver is also our god in retrospect it was a poor choice#you people are guests in our country and the beaver have no right to treat you that way if i get back your land will you promise to build a casino on it ?
sure and when we do your breakfast will be comped#how many decks will your blackjack dealers use ?
eight#three
four#deal my brother
ext lake  day)#all right son we just knock over this dam and the noble native americans can reclaim the land that is theirs
all right son we just knock over this dam and the noble native americans can reclaim the land that is theirs#(screams of pain)
(screams of pain)#no i wanted to die choking on food
(determined) i will save you#(bouncing along) so long suckers
(bouncing along) so long suckers#(screams twice then) stop shoving (sweetly concerned) the little one is not getting any (scream)
(worried) oh no they are making beautiful music together#(strategic mulling noises) / let's see move that there do a flanking maneuver there wind should be coming in from the south time it to coincide with a beaver holiday
(strategic mulling noises) / let's see move that there do a flanking maneuver there wind should be coming in from the south time it to coincide with a beaver holiday#this map is useless useless
homie i am worried about how fast our kids are growing up#it is the beef hormones and the fluorescent lights what are you gonna do ?
ext car  moments later)#(calling) check it out beavers delicious motel furniture
they took the bait let's go#uhoh we forgot to empty the minibar
uhoh we forgot to empty the minibar#(gasp) that is a seventeendollar deck of cards
ext base of the dam  day)#quick find the master log there is always a master log
quick find the master log there is always a master log#we did it finally man has triumphed over a small furry animal
(chuckles) actually it is fresca#(spitting out drink) fresca ?
ext ranch  main area  morning)#look at those stupid city slickers with their fur coats and pointy hats
homer those are elk#i still hate them (yells at elk) go back to pittsburgh
int car)#a lot can happen when you are lookin' the other way
lisa welcome to love it is full of doubt and pain and uncertainty but then one day you find a man you love so much it hurts#(suspicious) who is he ?
you homie#woo hoo in your face imaginary guy
ext backyard  continuous)#do not worry son i will build you a new treehouse one so grand it will be an affront to god himself
can it have a rope ladder you can pull up after you ?#only if it is an affront to god
hey you passed the lumberyard#only losers buy wood we are going to nature's lumberyard
is not this dangerous ?#it is okay bart this track has been abandoned since nineteen  uhoh
(spinning scream)#nothing beats flying across the country on a train
i am impressed that you drew up blueprints but these are for a gokart track#did frank lloyd wright have to deal with people like you ?
actually frank lloyd wright endured a lot of harsh criticism#look i have no idea who frank lloyd wright is
you said his name two seconds ago#i was just puttin' words together
i was just puttin' words together#(spluttering and sneezing)
(snickers) gotcha#(playful) well two can play at that game
(laughing) oh that is it you are going down#(frenzied giggling) stop it
(frenzied giggling) stop it#(mouth filled with caulk chuckle)
the amish are so industrious not like those shiftless mennonites#son that treehouse is gonna be bigger and better than ever it really restores your faith in helpful weirdos
very nice did you do the wiring yourself ?#heck no the amish did it who knows more about electricity than the amish ?
(screams) / help#watch your step do not panic by going down the ladder you are agreeing not to sue
watch your step do not panic by going down the ladder you are agreeing not to sue#(screams)
(screams)#(gritted teeth) head burning legs freezing middle very pleasant
(gritted teeth) head burning legs freezing middle very pleasant#oh thank god the dog's here pull me free boy
oh thank god the dog's here pull me free boy#do not be scared you can do it
do not be scared you can do it#hey where are you goin' ? i am your pal i took you for a walk once
int new treehouse  continuous)#(sleeping noises)
(sleeping noises)#(scream) flames ? searing pain ? a black cat ? i must be in heaven
homie get out of that treehouse#move the net under the window
there is no net#(screams then hitting ground noise)
ext simpson house  night  a few minutes later)#i always thought cats were just for losers who live in apartments until my life was saved by this sweet little kitty
i always thought cats were just for losers who live in apartments until my life was saved by this sweet little kitty#(fuming) but as for you santa's little helper you are a selfish coward and a bad dog
(whimpers sadly)#get out and stay out
our little hero sure likes kahlua and cream#quit following me you coward
mr simpson how long have you been a cat person ?#all my life kent i prefer "catsup" to "ketchup" and to me "yusuf islam" will always be "cat stevens"
(chuckles) terrific stuff you must really love the broadway musical "cats"#god no it sucks
seems like you are quite the animal lover do you have any other pets ? a dog perhaps ?#kent let me make this perfectly clear (pointed to camera) i have no dog
int simpson house  living room  continuous )#hmm needs beer
hmm needs beer#why you little
(agitated) stop it homer that is inhumane use the choke chain#fine
fine#i want you to just sit there look through the window and watch me eat a ham marge prepare the emergency ham
according to this contract we have to change his name to "suds mcduff"#i do not care if his name is bony mcdork just make the checks out to me
(reading contract) it also says we will receive royalties in perpetuity a bottomless keg of beer (gasp) and unlimited use of the duff corporate jet#corporate jet ?
(sophisticated) oh pilot let's swing by oh heidelberg and drop in on oktoberfest#sweet
sweet#welcome back to the family boy
dad five minutes ago you hated him#who are you my biographer ?
eight nine ten wads of cash (slaps homer's arm) your dog has sent duff beer sales through the roof#boy you are now second best in the family right ahead of marge
oh really ? well this tape says different#kent let me make this perfectly clear (pointed to camera) i have no dog
dad you can not let him take our dog#(gasp) my wads i never even broke the wrapper (sobs uncontrollably)
but i miss him he was my best friend#aww there there boy i will help you get him back he may have been a dirty stinkin' coward but show me a simpson that is not
i am not a coward#(yells scary noises)
(yells scary noises)#all right you are not a coward and that is beside the point because (yells crazier scary noises)
look to get our dog back we need a plan#a plan eh ? (then yells even crazier scarier noises) okay we will use a plan
this stunt cost fifty million dollars#help help i am drowning
and you have been bitching about it for thirty years#(chuckles) everything is going according to plan i will just keep thrashing around like an injured seal
are you there god ? it is me duffman#now let me think how did that beautiful young naked lady in "jaws" make it out alive ?
it is good to have you back with the simpsons#i am sorry i was ever mean to you marge prepare the celebration ham
all we have left are the earthquake ham and the condolence ham#marge they are just hams okay
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#well boy now that we got you back i am never gonna let you go again
uhoh dad i think he peed on the rug#(chuckle) to me that says "i love you"
i think he left a "big hug" in your lunch box#aw it was probably that stupid cat
that cat saved your life#what has he done for me lately ?
he woke you up when you stopped breathing last night#yeah but he ate the last can of tuna
dad you ate the last can of tuna#everyone's against me
okay five more minutes and i am chewing my hand off#bart are you okay ?
(more concerned angry) homie where have you been ? i have been calling all over for you#hey take it easy i went to the video store to rent a movie for the family
he is editorinchimp#(laughs) that monkey's wearin' a hat
(southern accent) hush up nana that is fool talk#(heavy weeping)
(heavy weeping)#(raucous laughter)
(raucous laughter)#(alternating laughing and crying and mumbling) look he is misspelling words
well from now on you need to get a cell phone so i can reach you#you can not just "get" a cell phone
lindsay naegle  veriqual cellular and i can offer you a whole range of cellular solutions#(gasp) can i get a phone that plays the mexican hat dance ?
i insist on it#(singing to "mexican hat dance") i dance i dance i dance / around a mexican hat / i dance i dance i dance / and that is the end of that / or is it i guess i will keep singing / my cell phone appears to be ringing
int homer's car  day)#barney you ever notice how hard it is to drive with your knees ?
why do not you get one of those handsfree phones ? it is the next best thing to paying attention to the road#(intrigued) handsfree eh ? then i could give the brothers the black power salute
(intrigued) handsfree eh ? then i could give the brothers the black power salute#black power black power
of course we have headsets but you would be mad to stop there tell me  what is currently plugged into your car's cigarette lighter ?#uh a lighter
i weep for you these days everything from fax machines to coffee makers can be plugged into your "dash hole"#i will take 'em
int simpson car  day  moments later)#dvd player ? check snowcone machine ? check lite brite ?
dvd player ? check snowcone machine ? check lite brite ?#check fog machine ?
check fog machine ?#(sheepish) even i think this is crazy
ext homer's car  driving down the street  day)#(singing) chaka khan let me rock you / let me rock you chaka khan / chaka khan chaka khan
whisk the egg whites into the batter mixture while scraping the edges with a stiff rubber spatula now let's look in on our hushpuppies#(hot thing in mouth noise)
(hot thing in mouth noise)#oh my god i have got to do something
oh my god i have got to do something#come on transmit transmit
come on transmit transmit#save me chaka khan chaka khannnn
ext springfield pier  day)#(calling up) i will never mock the coast guard again you navy rejects are all right
ext simpson car  street  later)#i am so screwed i can not drive to work i can not drive to the store and i certainly can not drive to the store at work
i guess i will have to do all your driving chores that is what a good wife does  picks up the slack#that reminds me we gotta pick up my slacks at that dry cleaner in shelbyville
why can not you use the local dry cleaner ?#(ashamed) i did not want them to know my size
(ashamed) i did not want them to know my size#thanks for picking my friends up from the strip club marge
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#where is your mother ? i have gotta get to moe's
dad mom's been driving everyone everywhere why do not you take public transportation ?#public transportation is for jerks and lesbians (sighs) i guess i will walk
ext evergreen terrace  moments later)#(muttering to himself) stupid walking thighs chafing horribly no drink holder i miss my car so much  everyone's driving but me
ext moe's  later)#i did it i walked all the way to moe's from my house
way to go dad#you know i feel pretty good maybe i should just keep walking instead of going into a dark dreary bar
get in here boozy you are late for your drunkening#no from now on walking is my beer and feeling good is my hangover
int simpson house  morning)#you know all this walking is paying off  look how healthy i am
you know all this walking is paying off  look how healthy i am#you see ? i am finally thin enough to wrap this thing around my arm
good for you dad could you get me some syrup ?#you see ? before i probably would have driven to the syrup
we do not have time for choking#calm down stresserella
(forced calmness) i am stressed because now that you have lost your license i am a fulltime family chauffeur#now now honey we all appreciate what you do but real chauffeurs have uniforms and licenses you could get in a lot of trouble with the livery commission
to hell with the livery commission#marge you do not know what you are saying
ext springfield sidewalk  a few minutes later)#(happily) what a day for a stroll
read the directions silently as i read them aloud to you#look at those suckers in their metal coffins i can go to work any way i want
ext springfield park  moments later)#(examining game) psst bishop to queen four
we are playing dominoes#(menacing) i said "bishop to queen four"
why you are the first one here please accept this free ticket to the 1939 world's fair#thanks mr burns i owe it all to walking
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#how 'bout we take a family walk around the block ?
stop saying things#honey you seem frazzled why do not you come with us ?
hey i'd like that (moans) i can not i have to go pick up grampa he proposed to another hooker at the bus station#(chuckles) you sure love driving
yeah walking's made a new man out of you#it sure has you see this bulge back here ?
it sure has you see this bulge back here ?#now it actually is a fanny pack
now it actually is a fanny pack#no wait it is still my ass but your point is well taken you see
no wait it is still my ass but your point is well taken you see#(singing) i like to walk down the avenue / bust a move with disco stu
(singing) you shake me from my booty to my 'fro#(singing) yes i strut down the boulevard / burning off my excess lard
(singing) yes i strut down the boulevard / burning off my excess lard#(singing) i rarely feel the need to utter d'oh
(singing) i rarely feel the need to utter d'oh#(pleasant) top of the mornin' ladies
bite us#(singing) i can walk from springfield to alaska / then hobnob with the stars in malibu
hi homer i am actor steve buscemi#(excited) the guy who got fed into the wood chipper in "fargo" ?
(excited) the guy who got fed into the wood chipper in "fargo" ?#(sings) and when i hear
(singing) you can not walk to turkmenistan#(singing) i say "of course i can  screw you"
(excited) would we#(singing) oh i love to perambulate / it is standing still i really hate / so let me please reiterate / i love to (screams)
(gasp)#(moans) my feet are inside me
i am so sorry homie how is your crushed pelvis ?#(chipper) pretty good thanks for asking
i do not know what happened i saw you and i went for the brake but i hit the accelerator#it is okay marge it would have been a lot worse if i hadn't been carrying this bible in my crotch
(forced) that is okay i can handle it (trying to make the best of it) homie why do not you just relax and have a little soup ?#(short scream) too hot too hot
i am sorry i am sorry#hot hot hot warm tepid cool cold so cold (shivering noises)
oh you are really coming along homie#yeah the doctor says that soon my pelvis will actually be stronger and more beautiful than ever
(agitated) oh my god let me help you up#marge you are trying to hurt me
what ? that is crazy#no it is true the car the soup it is like you hate me your own husband
that is ridiculous i do not like you (correcting herself) i mean hate you hate you hate you i hate you#(sadly) i have heard that from coworkers strangers on the street even my own children but i never thought i'd hear it from you
(sadly) maybe we should see a counselor#who is "we" ? got a mouse in your purse ?
perhaps you feel that your husband sees you as less of a partner and more of a doormat#nothing could be farther from the
nothing could be farther from the#you could be on to something there doc
you could be on to something there doc#sorry i got a lot on my mind
all right before you came in i asked you each to make a list of the people that are most important to you homer you first#there is homer homer j simpson and commander cool a/k/a me
that is us in a nutshell i care so much about you homer but i am not even on your list excuse me#we have gotta help her if marge is not happy i am not happy and if i am not happy moe is very happy but for once this is not about moe what should i do dr hot dog ?
all right i have an answer you must perform for her one completely unselfish gesture#you mean like give her full custody of the kids ?
you gotta knock her off her feet with something utterly romantic something that says i care about you#i see do you have any suggestions ?
i do but the hour is over#here's a dollar
romantic dinner#gotta go
you wanna know how to make a peach crumble ? kick it in the groin ha anyway what is goin' on ?#i am gonna treat marge to a romantic dinner to make up for all my shortcomings
hey me too i could whip up my famous poulet au vin avec champignons  la carl (he kisses his hand)#you can bring a bag of ice
ext springfield street  evening)#pick one
oh homie you got everyone in springfield here for me#honey i could not keep 'em away if i tried except for flanders he was mysteriously called out of town (sneaky chuckle)
ext simpson house  back yard  continuous)#tonight we are here to serve you sit back and enjoy the finest foods springfield has to offer
just kidding here's one of my many classics#that i fixed with new words
you hooked up in high school / now you have come so far / then you started to hate him / and hit him with your car#so i threw you a fancy banquet / and now you can not stay mad / how 'bout a makeup snuggle ? / it would be so rad
i love you too#so you do not want to kill me anymore ?
only with kisses#(scared noise)
ext simpson backyard  that evening)#now i'd like to propose a toast to a woman who is done so much for us without getting anything in return
except a place to live and free food#why you little
why you little#(genial) now let's all raise our wine boxes to marge
i want to thank you all so much#you are welcome and now marge we cooked you clean
what ?#only teasing we have flown in the finest busboys from france (lying) i mean america
vite vite (french laugh)#(sweetly) and now to all my dear friends i say get the hell out of my yard
is it hyphenated ?#(sings) i am homer tribal chief / i am wearing tiny briefs / braves teach value boys should know / now extended drum solo
ned i am so sorry#i never knew you were such a beatles fan
i am so tired of that tautology#it is not all his fault (gestures to milhouse) i blame this latchkey kid
you are so right ned there will not be a single minute where bart's not under the watchful eye of myself or homer get over here#(giggle) look at me i am brian epstein
(giggle) look at me i am brian epstein#now i am michael jackson (imitating michael jackson) i own all your songs losers ( la michael jackson) hee hee hee
here are some supervised activities we can all do together future veterans of foreign wars the 5h club#fiveh ?
the preteen braves#hey these freaks do a lot of cool stuff (reading pamphlet) "cookouts hayrides bowling"
dad maybe you could lead bart's tribe#you mean like some sort of madman ?
ideally no but#i will do it
i will do it#i will now give each of you your specially selected tribal name
(grabs slip) i am "burger with fries" man is that uninspired#let's see what native american activities should we do ? (flips through book) making wallets faking crop circles (sneering) respecting nature jeez no wonder these guys lost the civil war
hey lazy horse find us something cool to do#(to kids) the noble chiefs outsmarted the treacherous cowboys with a sevenyard screen pass unfortunately after further review the great father in the sky determined that the receiver's moccasins were out of bounds i shall bet no more forever
i smell smoke#without the talking stick we do not hear you
i smell smoke#(shrieks)
(pleased) well thank you i am gonna make sure you boys have the best possible preteen brave experience#but i was chosen by the great spirit to teach these young braves the ways of the antelope and the ear of corn which we call maize that the papoose (losing steam) eh i will be at moe's talking normal
and now the land weeps#(to treadmill victorious) hey treadmill how do you like this incline ?
(to treadmill victorious) hey treadmill how do you like this incline ?#(covering) uh i am giving it back to the earth
(reading) "we will crush you and smother your dreams yours in christ the cavalry kids"#marge you were an excellent peacetime chief but these times call for men of cruelty
marge you were an excellent peacetime chief but these times call for men of cruelty#oh it is too tight take it off take it off take it off
oh it is too tight take it off take it off take it off#(grimly shaking fist) men of cruelty
int van houten house  night)#okay bart back up the truck
get your unpoisoned candy#it is laxativefree for today's lifestyle
oh the indignity#wait a minute how could those stupid jarheads win ?
at least we made a lot of people sick#well i am not finished where does it say we have to be gracious in defeat ?
it is on the back of our vests#(grimly) marge remove that stitching
vip ? that is us#(chuckles) people will do anything a sign tells them
(chuckles) people will do anything a sign tells them#boy that slaked my thirst
boy that slaked my thirst#or did it ?
pound him milhouse#you talk pretty tough for a man without health insurance
ext field  day)#oh my god that is my wife and she is crying
c'mon we are gonna be late to the blooming of the sumatran century flower#how come lisa always gets to pick the family activities ?
because i know every time you say "pick a number from one to ten" it is always seven#that is because there were seven apostles
no there were twelve#boy that is a big staff and still he wasn't that funny
(reading plaque) "the venus flytrap is a carnivorous plant which uses bait to lure unsuspecting prey into its digestive tract"#(chuckles) stupid prey they never suspect anything
(chuckles) stupid prey they never suspect anything#ooo a hotdog
(plant chewing noise)#(chewing noise)
(chewing noise)#flower power my ass
ext parking lot  moments later)#so long suckers
so long suckers#(annoyed grunt)
(points) dad the traffic's moving#woohoo pedal to the metal
woohoo pedal to the metal#(shriek)
(gasps) my baby#your baby
ext bridge  continuous)#noooooooooo
(biggest ever) whaaa ?#moe thank god you saved my baby
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#look maggie's in the paper with moe (sweetly) how cute
look maggie's in the paper with moe (sweetly) how cute#look at those pants they are standing up with no one in them
(chuckles) ain't she adorable#oh my god i am late for work
ball pit that is nice one two three colors  you got 'em all#it is patty chump
well i have so much free time now that moe's our babysitter#(sincere) yeah it is great that she is got a fatherfigure in her life (realizing) shehey wait that is supposed to be me
you could be my father figure#no way i am not gettin' my fingerprints on that train wreck but if i lose maggie i am ohforthree i have gotta get her back
i can help you#i said pipe down amtrak
yeah sure he was nahasapasaimraisin'apervert#back off moe maggie wants to be with me
back off moe maggie wants to be with me#(struggling) this is how we play (sings to "itsy bitsy spider") the squirmy wormy spider / squirts out of daddy's hands
you guys mind if i uh kiss your tummies ?#(sings to "itsy bitsy spider")  daddy feels rejected / he is gonna eat some cake
(drunk) i peed my pants#(angry) i recorded that for private use
int simpson master bedroom  night)#(drowsy) your turn
int maggie's room  moments later)#moe ? what are you doing here ?
i had to it is so weird watching the video and not getting any sound#that is it moe this is just too weird you are not allowed to see maggie anymore
(selling) eh ? eh ?#get your own family moe
hey you never cared about maggie 'til i started paying attention to her last night at the bar you called her "raquel"#get out
"get out you banged bridget fonda ?"#get out
now there'll be no more trouble from that meddlesome bartender#yeah you know looking at this sweet precious child makes me want to have one of our own
(horrified scream)#what are you screaming about ? did you discover my snake farm ? 'cause i can explain i am going to farm and sell snakes
maggie's gone#it must have been moe
(relieved sighs)#thank goodness
well it looks like maggie crawled through these bushes spit up over here and crashed her tricycle into the wall#(rueful) uh no that was me
listen i think we might have to make a trip to little italy#i will get our little passports
(gasps) maggie's right in the middle of that italianamericanmexican standoff#oh my god i have gotta save her
no no do not try to stop me#we are not your sleeve got caught on that tree here let me unhook ya
we are not your sleeve got caught on that tree here let me unhook ya#off you go
thanks moe i am sorry we thought you were a babynapper#or worse am i right ?
(smiling) i do not think maggie wants you out of her life moe#(tentative) moe i was just thinking if maggie and i were in the neighborhood maybe we could drop by and have a playdate with you and your ham
(pained yells)#you kids have got to learn that actions have consequences eat fire punks
will everyone please stop fighting and burning#never
never#(to himself) beat the lumps beat the lumps beat the lumps
homie i disagree with your approach to the children#(scream)
(deep sepulchral voice) i am death#death ? we do not want any
your time is up bart simpson#this is for snowball one and jfk
(poking death with stick) dad do you realize what you have done ? you have created a world without death#does this mean they will never cancel the jim belushi show ?
i guess so#(kneeling) nooooo
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#death death we miss you so much you were a busboy in the restaurant of life clearing away the oldies and the sickies and the chokies and you made nascar racing exciting
homer it is trash day will you just take him out to the curb ?#i will curb him without enthusiasm
i will curb him without enthusiasm#ooo this robe's pretty soft
ooo this robe's pretty soft#check it out i finally found a dead guy's clothes that fit me
(screams)#what ? it is not (scream) my hand what is happening ?
dad you have become the new grim reaper#no way forget it i might occasionally kill out of anger or to illustrate a point but i am not a grim reaper
no way forget it i might occasionally kill out of anger or to illustrate a point but i am not a grim reaper#ow (pained) i will reap i will reap already
ext retirement castle  day  establishing)#jasper your time has come
where is the regular guy ? where is doug ?#never mind i am death now
oh man these seats suck#leave everything to me
leave everything to me#pardon me comin' through rest in peace you are dead take an dirt nap feed the worms
pardon me comin' through rest in peace you are dead take an dirt nap feed the worms#hm
dad were all those people on the list ?#(shrugs) i'unno
int simpson house  master bedroom  morning)#okay who am i giving the finger to today ?
okay who am i giving the finger to today ?#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#not this anything but this
not this anything but this#uh what was that first one again ?
uh what was that first one again ?#(miserable noise)
ext mountain  later)#okay god i bumped off the love of my life according to your divine whim now release me from this ghastly vocation
no#(whiny) come on
all right#woohoo
thanks for not killing me homie here's an extra pork chop#(chuckles) i am gonna not kill you every week
int simpson house  living room)#y'ello ?
sir i am honored to inform you that you have won the nobel prize#(ecstatic) the nobel prize ("it is about time") finally so uh it is for what my whole deal ?
this is professor john frink is not it ?#if i say no do i still win ?
and i thought halle berry went nuts during her acceptance speech#i wish i was death again that was cool
int nuclear plant  day)#(confused noise)
(confused noise)#(considering noise) hmm
(considering noise) hmm#(repeated annoyed grunts)
(repeated annoyed grunts)#i can not go on
i can not go on#(quiet sobbing)
(quiet sobbing)#(loud sobbing)
behold the perpetrators#(pointing) it was those guys
(to homer) why is bart so tall ? and shaggy ?#just one of life's mysteries like why is my nose jammed full of army men ?
why can not i tinker with the fabric of existence ?#let the baby have her bottle
what happens if i press this button ?#(annoyed) lisa
(quickly) sorry sorry sorry#okay that is good stop there
do not go inside  it is a trap#yeah she must have some kind of superchore in there like getting the rat out of maggie's room
(dodging screams)#(hosedodging noises then getting blasted noise)
(hosedodging noises then getting blasted noise)#this counts as a bath
this counts as a bath#(intense gettingsprayed noises)
"mayor unveils erection to cheering crowd" (chuckles) this week's "oops patrol" tshirt goes to#whom ? whom ?
mom made the oops patrol hot damn#bart you are not at school do not swear
what an amusing tshirt marge (chuckle) i will trade you for a tote bag that says "prozac" (holds up bag)#(sad frustrated noise)
it could always be a little better#honey this is your moment in the sun and i could not be more pleased for your happiness
honey this is your moment in the sun and i could not be more pleased for your happiness#(while biting) why was i born ?
int simpson house  bedroom  evening)#oh tshirt bless the loom that fruited you
(annoyed murmur)#gotta win a tshirt gotta win a tshirt
gotta win a tshirt gotta win a tshirt#okay get ready to laugh
okay get ready to laugh#"cranford man missing" (sarcastic) what is he missing ? (selling it) his pants ? a train ? gimme a break
"cranford man missing" (sarcastic) what is he missing ? (selling it) his pants ? a train ? gimme a break#too soon huh ?
too soon huh ?#all right "drought threatens to turn west into dessert" ? yum yum i think i'd like some whipped cream on my wyoming
dad the word's "desert" and those farmers are suffering#from what too much hot fudge ? huh ? (sweaty desperate) c'mon bart show me some love
do not drag me down with you old man#this is what happens when i go for six hours without sleep
this is what happens when i go for six hours without sleep#"peace talks break down" (forced laugh) no "for sale ford festiva" i will put that in the "maybes" i gotta get that tshirt
"peace talks break down" (forced laugh) no "for sale ford festiva" i will put that in the "maybes" i gotta get that tshirt#world's biggest pizza ?
world's biggest pizza ?#oh my god
oh my god#marge wake up the newspaper is talking to me
oh relax i am sure it is just your brain going crazy#i wish look at this headline
i wish look at this headline#someone or something knows i love oversized food and short punchy articles so they hid a message in the first letter of each line see "homer meet me 4th street overpass midnite"
"homer meet me 4th street overpass midnite"#wait a minute this is today's paper that meeting is tonight
ext evergreen terrace  continuous)#marge i do not know what this is but sometimes you have just gotta go with your gut
you always go with your gut this time why do not you listen to your brain ?#all right i will
all right i will#that is why i do not listen to my brain and away we go
(worried noise)#psst hey pal hey buddy wake up wanna go on an adventure with your old man ?
(sleepy) no#you have no choice
int homer's car  night)#there is coffee in the thermos
this is boring can not we go home ? this overpass smells like urine#they all do
fresh urine#hey the bathroom's a block away
homer simpson#(gasp)
(gasp)#(scream)
(scream)#(scream)
(scream)#(scream) (scream) (scream)
(polite) yes'm#mom ? you are back just like you were back before then you left me again i love you so much but it is so hard for me to trust you oh what the heck
mom ? you are back just like you were back before then you left me again i love you so much but it is so hard for me to trust you oh what the heck#give me a hug you
homer you are hugging a bum#i know i am working my way up to you
sorry about all the cloak and dagger homer but the government is still after me for what i did in the sixties (confidentially) they are probably tapping your phones and reading your mail#(scoffs) i think the government has better things to do than to read my mail
to reach you i called up my friends in the liberal media and planted that story about the giant pizza#you sure know me mom
i saw this macaroni pencilholder homer made me and i realized how much i missed him#i made this when i was five i had to do something  your pencils were all over the place
(disappointed) oh#cora is there a back way outta here ?
not for someone who tips nine per cent#fine
int homer's car  continuous)#(panting) mom i swear on your eventual grave i will never ever let the police get their hands on you (looks forward again) uhoh
i am sorry my wife left me this morning#now i am not a man who is good with words
you gotta say somethin' she is lookin' at twenty years and my legal license expires in fifteen minutes#i barely know my mother and every time i see her she is taken away again and when a man does not have his mother he winds up like me
i barely know my mother and every time i see her she is taken away again and when a man does not have his mother he winds up like me#i mean i am due back in this same courtroom three times today hell i torched a blood bank one cookie my ass (quiet sincere) please please give me back my mommy
(to no one) the jets in the whirlpool anticipated my every move (bitterly) when it was working and three dollars for a local call ? they should be the ones on trial#oh mom i am so happy i never want to let you go
well now that i am free i intend to be a better mother to my son#woo hoo i can be a little boy again
woo hoo i can be a little boy again#(sly) a boy who gets some on the side
oh baby now you are free to come back to me#dad you testified against her
i read a book that said women like jerks#(gaining confidence) look mom look i am riding by myself
(gaining confidence) look mom look i am riding by myself#(terrified scream)
homer this really is not necessary#you weren't around for the birth of your grandson and i want you to see it
int moe's  night)#(proudly) hey guys i brought my mom
int other room  continuous)#welcome to your room mom i want you to stay here forever
oh well you snooze you lose but uh can i have my photo albums back ? (points inside)#now get out of my house
anita bonghitt ?#no i can not lose my mother again (sobs) do not take her away (sobs more)
dad i am just as sad as you are what happened to grandma is an outrage#how do you figure ?
she was acquitted then they put her back in jail on a technicality#you are right people should only be let out of jail on technicalities
well they are transferring grandma to a federal prison tomorrow i say we hit 'em where they live with a candlelight vigil#candlepin bowling ? that is a great idea we will play right after i break your grandmother out of prison
ext freeway  rural area  day)#okay boy flip through those highway warnings 'til we find one that'll stop that bus
okay boy flip through those highway warnings 'til we find one that'll stop that bus#next
next#pass
pass#boring
boring#awww
awww#haw haw loser
haw haw loser#geez pal
homer what on earth are you doing ?#mom i love you i can not let you go to prison
he is a big one#(embarrassed chuckle) oh stop it
ext freeway  day)#take care ladies i am sure you can make it back to the prison on your own
int bus  a little later)#mom i am gonna hide you where there is no one around for miles disney's california adventure
homer get out now and no one will ever know you were involved#no you are my mother and i will not leave you
if you stay here you will be abandoning your family the way i abandoned you#(chuckles) yeah that did mess me up pretty bad (serious) but i am not gonna leave you
i love you homer#(getting shocked noises)
ext prison bus  continuous)#ooh that is lucky
ooh that is lucky#(screams) brambles briars (adlibs)
pipe down jules verne#go mom you can do it
go mom you can do it#nooo
mona i will always remember raspberry trolley cars because my mind is shot#bear ? (screams)
bear ? (screams)#(sniffling) your last act as a mom was to make me a better dad but at least now i will never lose you again
(sniffling) your last act as a mom was to make me a better dad but at least now i will never lose you again#(loud wail)
homer it is two in the morning#i could not sleep because i thought there might be a sign of my mom in one of these articles they never did find her body
then what was in the coffin ?#last week's garbage i missed the pickup date but it does not matter because my mom is alive see ?
last week's garbage i missed the pickup date but it does not matter because my mom is alive see ?#"imo
ext springfield elementary  night)#(excited) ooh boy casino night finally they will teach our kids the dangers of doubling down on a six
i really should not be here  i have a problem with games of chance i played candyland with maggie and ended up throwing vodka in her face#(sweetly) aw marge i bet you have gotten that out of your system
(shakes head) that was always on too late for me#i will put everything on lucky seventeen
i will put everything on lucky seventeen#(many quick annoyed grunts then) woohoo (more annoyed grunts that slow as wheel slows down then) woohoo (slower annoyed grunts until wheel stops)
(many quick annoyed grunts then) woohoo (more annoyed grunts that slow as wheel slows down then) woohoo (slower annoyed grunts until wheel stops)#woohoo
and the winner is seventeen#i win
i win#this is it baby first thing tomorrow we are getting a playstation one
(pleased murmur)#i'd like to cash in these chips give me most of it in cash and the rest in suitcases to carry the cash
i will be bringin' sparkplugs (holds up sparkplug) to chuck at people i do not like like you#but i am up two hundred thousand dollars give me my money
but i am up two hundred thousand dollars give me my money#you think i will not manhandle a little boy ?
(sighs) i can not beat nelson#why do not you start a rumor that he isdingalingaling (highpitched sing song) hellooo
why do not you start a rumor that he isdingalingaling (highpitched sing song) hellooo#oh what a delicious quiche i drive a pink miata
i can not believe nelson is more popular than me#la la la
fluoridated water fountains vegan lunch options#my name is nelthon i use a thalad fork ladeedah i wash my face
where did you get that tutu ?#(normal voice) clothesline
lisa you look so successful like you are the wife of a businessman#(wistful) i wish i'd married a businessman then i'd have nice things
(heavy sarcasm) no i was being sincere#oh i am so confused
lis skinner is using you like a pawn on his unholy chess set#on my chess set the pawns are all hamburglars
they made me pretty and popular just so they could exploit me and ruin my good name#lisa you have got to stand up to these guys and when you do people will remember you just look at these postage stamps
lisa you have got to stand up to these guys and when you do people will remember you just look at these postage stamps#there is bugs bunny fat elvis autumn in new england bats of the southwest all heroes wanna see elvis kiss a bat ? (elvislike) hey baby come here lemme kiss you
there is bugs bunny fat elvis autumn in new england bats of the southwest all heroes wanna see elvis kiss a bat ? (elvislike) hey baby come here lemme kiss you#squeak squeak squeak no do not kiss me
would you be willing to pay an extra dollar twentythree in taxes to fund them ?#(irate) no way i am saving for a speedboat
well i guess this story has a happy ending after all just like my last massage#i am not driving fortyfive minutes a day you can not go to that school
but this is my dream#why can not you have a normal dream like being an olympic figure skater ?
okay let me take figure skating#are you crazy ? i am not getting up at sixthirty every morning so you can prance around a frozen pond and think you are better than me
well what can i be ?#i'unno how 'bout a horse whisperer ?
okay#over my dead body
the best you will ever have#one thousand dollars do you know how much furniture we could rent with this ?
(horrified groan)#marge this is why people do not tell you things
ext springfield street  later)#(chuckles) well we put up a flyer
uhoh#you know the drill try to land on my backfat
int simpson house  living room)#can you describe the bill ?
(worried) no one's touching the hors d'oeuvres#(singing to self) it is bart's moon party from outer space
(singing to self) it is bart's moon party from outer space#(to bart) what ?
well someday i'd like to go on a nice vacation#we have gone on plenty of great vacations
yeah but you always wind up kidnapped or on a chain gang and i do not even want to get into what happened on our honeymoon#i still do not know why you had that photo enlarged
well okay for mom i will do it where should we go ?#well i'd like to return to brazil but i hear the monkey problem is even worse now
that sounds great  but only if your father promises to behave#marge i will be on my best behavior  you have my word as a gentleman and a lady now let's see which rifle should i bring ?
because i want to encourage all the world to come see the beauty of twentyfirst century britain#would an american dollar encourage you to leave us alone ?
parliament stratfordonavon the white cliffs of dover oh and you americans love castles  there is a huge one in edinburgh the city where i was born#the place i was born is now a gator farm
i'd love to but i am late for an appointment i am greeting a lovely dutch couple at gate 23 cheerio#(to family impressed) wow i can not believe we met mr bean
(politely) actually i am not a butler i had already hired this cab when you got in but the more the merrier and all that (chuckles)#make with the tea jeeves
ext quaint british motel  later)#we are bigshot tourists from everyone's favorite country the usa we saved your ass in vietnam and shared our prostitutes with hugh grant so give me some free maps and none of that dry british wit
(dryly) i would not dream of it sir#(satisfied) thank you
i do not know if i am ever gonna find her#aw dad i wish there was something i could do
aw dad i wish there was something i could do#touch that mini bar and you are dead
now completely free of "mad fish disease"#fish ? i do not know i am not really a vegetarian
int harrods  continuous)#well marge you have gotta admit i have been on my best behavior this trip
you punched out three people on the street#that was over soccer results can you believe they gave giggs a yellow card in the box ?
do you understand any part of what you just said ?#i understand the word "gave" unless it means something else in this country
homie i do not think we will be able to find the kids from up here#now now let's just look there is big ben there is piccadilly circus there is jimmy page one of the greatest thieves of american black music who ever walked the earth (points) bup there is the kids
it is a bet lord daftwager#you can not bet on my kids this is america pal
thank you my dear please take these free tickets to my play#what ? what play ?
we thespians believe it is bad luck to mention the name of this particular play out loud#you mean "macbeth" ?
quiet you blundering fool you will curse us all#what ? by saying "macbeth" ?
(pained groan) stop saying it#saying what ?
mom you said macbeth#mr macbeth i am really sorry
mr macbeth i am really sorry#but please find it in your jewelencrusted heart to forgive me
homie you are doing a great job driving on the left this is turning out to be our most enjoyable trip ever#(looking back at marge) yes this trip is entirely uneventful (chuckles)
turn turn keep turning keep turning keep turning keep turning#i see an opening
int mini cooper  continuous)#(fed up) that is it i am acting the way america acts best  unilaterally
int mini cooper  continuous)#okay i am gonna go over there and see if they are cool
okay i am gonna go over there and see if they are cool#okay let's see oh you can buff that out you can buff that out that is factory error that thing's supposed to be on fire
okay let's see oh you can buff that out you can buff that out that is factory error that thing's supposed to be on fire#lady please get back in your overturned car let the guys handle this
(to queen) we will deal with him your majesty#(mocking) your majesty ? (makes "whipped" sounds)
(horrified) dad you rearended the queen of england#the queen of whaaa ?
changing of the guard#(muffled beaten noises) wait we have to exchange insurance (pained yelps)
int heathrow  boarding area  day)#back cuts ?
back cuts ?#(standing) my lord we americans love queens be they homecoming or dairy this woman however is an imposter
(standing) my lord we americans love queens be they homecoming or dairy this woman however is an imposter#her luggage is inscribed "hrh"  which means her real name must be henrietta r hippo
i guess it is just too much for me to ask for one vacation where we do not go to jail or to a condo sales pitch#your honor i have completely disappointed my wife that is punishment enough you understand these things you are a grandmother
i am a man#ohh and a very manly one if i may say so m'lord
i have not had an easy life i have seen my country ravaged by war my family torn by tragedy and then as i was innocently making my way to the shops to buy light bulbs i was blindsided by this great lumbering brute#boy she is good if she were a hundred years younger and i were a hundred years older
(to courtroom audience) if there is any love left in you for me destroy him#(defiant) america rules our beatles are way better than your precious rolling stones
(cockney) poke the monster with a stick tuppence a jab (holds up stick) c'mon queue up lads#oh marge i am so sorry i should've listened to whatever it was you were saying
hey dad why do not we try the "sprawlmart" ?#well marge if i die here there is one thing i want you to remember do not buy any videotapes in england (sobs) they will not work in our vcr (sobs some more)
do not buy any videotapes in england (sobs) they will not work in our vcr (sobs some more)#dear god of england please let me go in return i will spell the word "color" with a "u" and i will use the metric system with every cubic milliliter of blood in my oh i can not do it it is so stupid
we found a secret tunnel out of the tower it was used by sir walter raleigh#a secret tunnel ? i do not know will not that get me in more trouble ?
smash it on do not worry it let the pike do the work#okay what do i do ?
push the gray brick in the back of the fireplace#sweet freedom here i (pained scream)
put out the fire first#boy it is a good thing i am leaving before i went nuts goodbye sparkly elves
int tunnel  night)#boy a krispy kreme would really clean up down here
int buckingham palace  night)#hey this place is amazing it is fit for a duke or even an earl
int queen's bedchamber  moments later)#(scream then to queen) please your majesty i know that i like many other americans have behaved like a total buffoon
(scream then to queen) please your majesty i know that i like many other americans have behaved like a total buffoon#but we americans are england's children i know we do not call as often as we should and we are not as wellbehaved as our goody twoshoes brother canada who by the way has never had a girlfriend i am just sayin'
but we americans are england's children i know we do not call as often as we should and we are not as wellbehaved as our goody twoshoes brother canada who by the way has never had a girlfriend i am just sayin'#only my hairdresser knows for sure
englishwomen do not pump gas naked#see ya in atlanta jerk
mummy he is everything you said he was#lady you are gorgeous you make dame edna look like a dude
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#okay mother's day gift check let's see what you got
(rolls eyes) flowers#("getting it" noise) flow yeah
(scornful) lis your stupid present will only last a week mine will sit in a closet for years#(alarmed) bart we made her the same thing
this is even worse than you think  look#kids we are going mother's day shopping (to self) i am glad this holiday only comes every four years
ext springfield street  morning)#let's see what would she like ?
let's see what would she like ?#twenty on the trifecta ?
twenty on the trifecta ?#her wedding china back ?
her wedding china back ?#(gasps)
(gasps)#i could get marge a new window just like this one
i could get marge a new window just like this one#yeah i love sprawlmart they have got everything even christian videos with talking vegetables
mighty yamses we are weary of building your food pyramid let my pickles go#mmm moses (drooling)
grampa you have a job ?#how dare you challenge my perceptions of what old people can do ?
oh look jaclyn smith has her own line of axe heads#yeah it is impressive but i still have not found the perfect gift for marge only imperfect stuff for me
(laughs)#well well if it is not fatty and smellma
your names can not hurt us#(disappointed moan)
(reading box impressed) "endorsed by the american carny association"#wow (to patty and selma) i never thought i'd say this but you slags are all right
(touched) all this attention i feel like a secretary on administrative professionals day#marge you are gonna love my present it is so thoughtful it makes the kids' gifts look like crap
(reading) "kitchen carnival ?" (sincere) i love it thank you homie#(playful) whoa marge get a room
(playful) whoa marge get a room#hmm dare i pour caramel over the cotton candy ?
hmm dare i pour caramel over the cotton candy ?#(insane laugh)
what is that ?#this is eightyfive pounds of toothmelting sugar dig in
this is eightyfive pounds of toothmelting sugar dig in#(warmly) that is it kids suckle daddy's sugar ball
homer are you spooning that snack ?#(to snack) that is my old lady
(to snack) that is my old lady#(small scream) ants
(small scream) ants#(small scream) birds
(small scream) birds#(small scream) cats
(small scream) cats#(small scream) flanderses
(sinister semiwhisper) i think you should get rid of her then we can be together forever#maybe you are right marge (reconsidering) or maybe you are right candy ball (reconsidering again) no marge (reconsidering yet again) then again (still reconsidering) no marge definitely marge
ext springfield dump  evening)#goodbye old friend i will think of you whenever i have a stroke or a heart attack
(angry growl)#oh my god i am gonna be killed by a bear (then) well i guess i do not have to worry anymore about the dangers of smoking
oh my god i am gonna be killed by a bear (then) well i guess i do not have to worry anymore about the dangers of smoking#smooth
(angry growl)#(scared whimper)
homie what happened to you ?#(devastated) marge please i am too upset to talk about it
dad you got attacked by a bear ?#(defensive) i did a lot of stuff today i went to starbucks but you did not see that on tape
(defensive) i did a lot of stuff today i went to starbucks but you did not see that on tape#(wailing)
yeah we'd rather have a live sissy mincing around the house than some dead hero any day#choke on your candor
you can strangle bart but you can not strangle your humiliation#it is a deal
(over pa) homer simpson report to mr burns' office immediately#(horrified scream)
int simpson house  afternoon)#hello ? anyone home ?
hello ? anyone home ?#marge ? maggie ?
marge ? maggie ?#(screams)
(screams)#(terrified) "the bear went over the mountain" ? "the berenstain bears" ? (then relieved) ahhh goldilocks (more terrified) and the three bears
(terrified) "the bear went over the mountain" ? "the berenstain bears" ? (then relieved) ahhh goldilocks (more terrified) and the three bears#(re groceries) oh god they are in our food teddy grahams gummi bears
groceries) oh god they are in our food teddy grahams gummi bears#(hopeful) are you a care bear ?
(jersey accent) i am an intensive care bear#(scared) why does a bear need a crowbar ?
i do not like to get my hands dirty#(scared screams)
(scared screams)#(soft weeping)
crying in the corner huh ? mind if i join you ?#no go ahead
find that bear what whupped you and whup him back#(scared) can i fight humanstyle ? by slowly poisoning his environment until he loses his fur and becomes sterile ?
(scared) can i fight humanstyle ? by slowly poisoning his environment until he loses his fur and becomes sterile ?#you cowardly swede you face that bear like a man or i will never speak to you again
you cowardly swede you face that bear like a man or i will never speak to you again#(worried) but how will i find out what you had for lunch in nineteen twentyeight ?
it tracks an electronic tag i stuck in the bear's ear (proudly) it is the same technology they use to keep tabs on gary busey#finally science has joined forces with revenge
int simpson garage  day)#lookin' good and i did it all without wasting money on one of those stupid welder's masks
(quiet to herself) oh dear lord#check it out ladies the suit that makes me completely invulnerable to bear attack
homer there is no rear on that thing#i know if i get really scared i do not want to ruin the suit
i know if i get really scared i do not want to ruin the suit#rub a dub dub i am washin' the blub
(firmly) now look here mister i forbid you to fight a bear#what kind of an example would i be if i did not take revenge on things ?
dad you can not get revenge on an animal that is the whole point of moby dick#lisa the point of moby dick is "be yourself"
you are not going and that is final#fine but do you know how ridiculous you look right now ?
fine but do you know how ridiculous you look right now ?#(quietly) marge you awake ? marge ?
(quietly) marge you awake ? marge ?#(small chuckle)
or dead#gentlemen sometimes a man must put his marriage at risk for reasons that are confusing even to him
you are sneakin' out to fight that bear i wanna go too#no way if something happens to me you have to carry on the simpson name
screw that when i grow up i am legally changing my name to joe kickass#that is so cool all right you can come
ext woods  afternoon)#i never realized how hot this suit is i am sweating out all my bloodlust
why do not you take a bath in the river ? this bear tracker stopped beeping a half hour ago#suhweet
(singing along) skyrockets in flight / afternoon delight#oh my god lenny carl bart ?
(sing) rubbing sticks together makes the sparks ignite / and the thought of loving you is gettin' so exciting#(faint screams)
int cave  day)#i guess this is it if i am gonna die i am gonna die a man
i guess this is it if i am gonna die i am gonna die a man#is this thing hurting you ?
is this thing hurting you ?#(crazed pained noises)
(crazed pained noises)#okay it is probably the tag but just to be sure
okay it is probably the tag but just to be sure#hey you are not mean it was just this tag that made you go apescat we are not so different give me a hug
hey you are not mean it was just this tag that made you go apescat we are not so different give me a hug#jeez i do not know why bear hugs enjoy such a great reputation
ext field  a little later)#(giggles)
(giggles)#(weary chuckle) that is funny
(weary chuckle) that is funny#oh no the hunter has become the hunter
oh no the hunter has become the hunter#he must be following this thing well i am gonna make sure it never harms another living creature
a killer bear is on the loose in springfield forest and local laughingstock homer simpson is missing and presumed mauled#(chuckles to self) wrong again liberal media
a bounty has been placed on the rogue bear in the amount of ten thousand dollars#do not worry i will find you someplace safe
ext open field  later)#okay you wanna go over there
okay you wanna go over there#hold on something does not feel right
(scared growl)#wait stop i know bullets can be scary sometimes but i have an idea first we pull off all of your fur
(very angry growl)#(backing off) all right all right i am still thinking
(backing off) all right all right i am still thinking#they are looking for a male bear right ?
(suspicious growl)#it is so easy to condemn so hard to create
you set out to fight an animal and you ended up saving its life#what can i say ? i love nature
what can i say ? i love nature#circle of life
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#(singing) bahdahdah dahdah dahdah dahdah dahdah
int simpson house hallway  continuous)#(singing to "ring of fire") time to whiz in a foaming bowl of china (annoyed grunt)
(singing to "ring of fire") time to whiz in a foaming bowl of china (annoyed grunt)#(urgent) a line for the bathroom ? what gives ?
i do not know but whoever's in there is taking their sweet old time#son can i have cuts ?
okay#sweet
maggie's locked inside#now calm down i will just unlock it with this coat hanger
int hallway outside bathroom  continuous)#oh god it is baby blood
do not worry i know just what to do#(several annoyed grunts)
(several annoyed grunts)#(angry) bart you are not hitting hard enough
i tried the coat hanger again i do not understand why we only try ideas once#the door ? now i will never get to pee
oh well i am glad you think they are cute 'cause they are your problem now#(defiant) you just lost a box pal
we did  homer took him (accusing) did not you ?#yeah well uh funny thing about that
yeah well uh funny thing about that#on our way to the clinic i decided to give him a night his wang would never forget
ext seedy street  night)#wanna play some air hockey ?
three hundred and fifty dollars an hour#you are on
ext street  early the next morning)#i can not neuter you boy not after all we have been through
i can not neuter you boy not after all we have been through#but from now on you better save your lovin' for the couch cushions
but from now on you better save your lovin' for the couch cushions#(strangling dog) you broke our deal  we had an oral contract
he'd be perfect  so forget it i need a guest host so bad he can never replace me i need someone who is not intelligent#(intrigued noise)
not goodlooking#(excited gasp)
and so utterly repellant he#i am your man
i am your man#(mouth full sound)
now tonight's guest host the ultimate placeholder homer simpson#(misreading cue cards) welcome to the homer simpson show i am your host next card homer simpson it is great to be here in next card springfield my guests aremoe szyslak local businessman carl carlson raconteur and lenny leonard threetime juror gentlemen what is on your minds ?
dad you have to say something something meaningful#ever notice how seats are too small for normallooking guys like me ? theaters airplanes why even here look
yeah yeah twins i get it now let's watch something i am really interested in#(on tv) who has more power ? miss america or miss usa ?
uh listen homer i'd like to raise an issue#why so formal lenny ? you are my goto guy
(nervous) about that you know i have been with the show from the beginning and i was uh i was wondering if i could get a small costofliving raise ?#(stroking chin) interesting
int studio  day)#please welcome new panelist barney gumbel
that light's a little bright do you think they could move it ?#please welcome my newest panelist disco stu
ah simpson i hate to bother you when you are eating but you are always eating will you sign an autograph for my boy ?#my pleasure
i eat legos#so did i son and look where i am today
so did i son and look where i am today#boy everybody loves my show
it is great dad you have tremendous power and now it is time to put it to use#yes you are right
yes you are right#duck mr lincoln
i say live fast die young and leave a big fat corpse#well i took bart's advice last week so i guess it is lisa's turn now if you will excuse me
well i took bart's advice last week so i guess it is lisa's turn now if you will excuse me#you hit him high i will hit him low
int tv studio  day)#y'know we have had a great time on this show (air quotes) "riffing" on small unimportant subjects
(chuckles) boobs just like what girls got#well that is all over now from now on we will focus solely on important issues
well that is all over now from now on we will focus solely on important issues#every year the gulf between rich and poor nations gets larger yet the imf insists on unrealistic debtrepayment schedules
int tv studio  continuous)#(sobs lightly) why should america consume ninety percent of the world's resources ? argentina must devalue her currency to pay her debts (sobs more)
(sobs lightly) why should america consume ninety percent of the world's resources ? argentina must devalue her currency to pay her debts (sobs more)#you can not leave i am your ride home
dad you blew it you listened to lisa and then you lost your stranglehold on the audience#i will audience you
there we go#(moans)
oh homie you may have lost your show but you went out in the classiest way possible i am proud of you#(warmly) marge i thank god every day you settled for me
(warmly) marge i thank god every day you settled for me#(realizing) hey where is my car ?
oh over there#(sobs)
come on homie we will go to the "make your own sundae" place#will you make my sundae for me ?
 hamoshel bekholasherlo simna yadkha takhat (adlib)#(loud whisper) i am hungry are they married yet ?
they are not getting married#(puzzled) then whose garter is this ?
the real kent is in a rehab clinic we all wish him the best  again#i love the holiday season
i love the holiday season#(watching his stomach expand) see you in spring toes
hey homer  i am your secret santa merry christmas big guy#(excited) oh my god a dvd player
and the first season of magnum pi with commentary by john hillerman apparently working in hawaii was a pleasure#oh carl you remembered i like tv
i think it is homer#(fumfering) oh yes i am your present is right in the other room
(fumfering) oh yes i am your present is right in the other room#(pleading) come on machine take my dollar
(pleading) come on machine take my dollar#fine we will play it your way
fine we will play it your way#here you go lenny
here you go lenny#may the spirit of retsin be with you all year long god bless god amen
homer you are the most selfish man i know#oh c'mon mr burns is way more selfish
oh c'mon mr burns is way more selfish#that evil old bone bag smelling of death nose like a vulture followed everywhere by that kissass smithers
(chuckling oblivious) yes that describes kathy in personnel to a tee#(shrieks)
all right everyone it is time for your christmas "boni" everyone gets a five dollar cafeteria voucherand for your boy a confectioner's card featuring a current baseballer it is that rookie from the new york nine#(examining card) joe dimaggio ?
ext android's dungeon  day)#i need money for christmas can i get anything for this joe dimaggio baseball card ? (apologetic) it is kinda old
deftly#thank you (to himself) freak
this is offensive to christians and prunes#hey everybody we are going shopping at the springfield heights promenade
ext springfield heights promenade  establishing  day)#(hands out cash) first we will buy gifts for each other then we will spend the rest of the cash on a christmas tree so large its absence from the forest will cause mudslides and flooding
ext springfield heights promenade  another area  day)#doing pretty good so far (examines gifts) a key ring for marge key ring for bart (he looks up and sees)
doing pretty good so far (examines gifts) a key ring for marge key ring for bart (he looks up and sees)#(gasp then rapt) that thing for me
int things unnecessary  moments later)#oh god it is so unnecessary
it also comes with a notepad and a pen that works upside down#i am upside down so much
i am upside down so much#oh if i buy this i will not have anything left for a christmas tree
today is the birthday of comedienne margaret cho#that is the birthday i am always forgetting (points to astrolabe) i must have it
can we get our big christmas tree now ?#(nervous) uh sure you know it the biggest tree from the finest lot in town
dad i do not like the looks of this neighborhood#it is fine everyone just relax lock your doors do not make eye contact with anyone and listen to the radio
colombia's main export is coffee#exactly
ext seedy christmas tree lot  evening)#gorgeous huh ? and quite the bargain
is not it kind of dry ?#oh it just needs a little love
oh it just needs a little love#why do the things i love always burn ?
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#(fondly) is not it sufficient
what is that ?#(lying) uh woo hoo maggie's talking
(shocked) you wasted our money on something extravagant for yourself#there is a trickledown theory here if i am happy i am less abusive to the rest of you
i will be testing my smoke alarm for the next three hours#oh this is sadder than "tuesdays with morrie"
oh this is sadder than "tuesdays with morrie"#c'mon marge i am not the only selfish person you have to get your hair done at "supercuts" i guess regular "cuts" just is not good enough for you
you just do not get it do you ? christmas is a time to think of others but today you showed you only care about yourself#that is not true i cared what you thought once you found out
you can sleep on the couch tonight#can not you yell at me now and get it over with ?
no i am gonna parcel my anger out over the next few days and weeks jabbing at you just when you seem the most content#(moans)
(moans)#i do not need her i have got you astrolabe
int living room  continuous (normal animation))#jimmy stewart as a puppet is just wrong (changes channel)
and now back to "mr mcgrew's christmas carol"#(brightens) mr mcgrew i love that blind senile old man
i can not find my way back to the home#i heard you the first five times
(screams in pain)#(laughs) oh mcgrew once again you have mistaken something for something
sweet sweet money#oh my god it is like looking at a cartoon version of myself
spirit surely there is some time to reform my selfish ways#(engrossed) c'mon death leave mcgrew alone take tiny tim
nooooooo#unloved by al ? noooooooo
unloved by al ? noooooooo#unloved by all noooooooo
(gently nudging homer) dad ? are you okay ?#children children what day is this ?
it is saturday december sixth#thank god there is still four more days 'til christmas i have time to reform my ways
thank god there is still four more days 'til christmas i have time to reform my ways#i just saw the greatest cartoon of all time it was about a miser who was visited by three ghosts at christmas and get this he learns a lesson
that last one looked kinda good#marge tv and nightmares have joined forces to teach me a lesson from now on i will stop being selfish and start being good in fact i will be the nicest man in town
(shakes head) you have made that promise before#yes but this time i am sober ish
well the hobos sure will appreciate our old clothes and lima beans#no need flanders i have already given them my old clothes
no need flanders i have already given them my old clothes#goodlookin' group
these pants smell worse than my old pants#(brightly) you are welcome
ext power plant  day  establishing)#look lenny i know i was a pretty bad secret santa so i wanted to make it up to you
wow a photo cube with pictures of us#and i filed down all the sharp corners see your eye is completely safe
int simpson house  dining room  day)#marge do you want this last pork chop ?
(sobbing eating noises) oh your thoughtfulness tastes so good (sobs) and tears are the sweetest sauce (eats some more)#all right now you are startin' to creep me out
oh very nice ned but i am afraid you are a distant second this week#(smiles) i am not looking for glory or wealth i am just buying that stairway to heaven jesus sang of
that was led zeppelin#get back to your bong hippie
homie i am so proud  you changed more than i could imagined you are even covering your mouth when you burp#just like the pope
just like the pope#being unselfish is a natural high like hiking or paint thinner
being unselfish is a natural high like hiking or paint thinner#and here's another act of christian charity i pulled out of my butt
and here's another act of christian charity i pulled out of my butt#i built a skating rink for the whole town
wha ?#here's your skates oh you will have to take off those boots
those are my feet#ewww
ext evergreen terrace  later)#pathetic flanders thinking he can buy people's love with thoughtful gifts
(unhappy noise) you just tweezered my wang#i will show flanders i am gonna get everyone a car what is that one good american car ?
dad you do not have to outdo mr flanders just remember the spirit of the season#uh is it despair ?
actually most people now feel christmas has gotten too materialistic in fact as a buddhist i believe people would be a lot happier without presents#hmm you have given me a lot to think about
i am not going to jail again#i have got it when everyone's asleep i will take away their presents then they will be happy thanks buddha
ext springfield  night  establishing)#(singing) you are a hero homer j / you are as crafty as a skunk / they will thank you in the morning for stealing flanders' junk / homer jaaaaay / (spoken) you are a doublebacon geniusburger (sung again) and just a little drunk
ext springfield city hall  sunrise)#now to hear the joyous sound of people waking up on christmas to discover they have no presents
ext springfield city hall  morning)#they do not sound happy but here comes a mob shaking their fists in gratitude
your behavior it is like it is like not sanctioned by any governing body you are like wild#um should not you all be singing carols or something ?
(calm) friends what homer did was wrong but i have been thinking  maybe i was just as wrong to give you those gifts#wait a minute everyone (points to sky) there is your christmas up there
you can not pray on city property#(reverent) let's just say that on this day a million years ago a dude was born who most of us think was magic but others do not and that is cool but we are probably right amen
amen#and now i think the only thing left to do is  return all your gifts ned ?
(sings) nine ten start over again one two tie your shoe#look maggie funny daddy
look maggie funny daddy#(about to pass out) too hard
int simpson house  tv room  day)#give daddy the remote maggie give daddy the (anguished moan)
give daddy the remote maggie give daddy the (anguished moan)#(happy noise)
(happy noise)#(slaps forehead repeatedly) oh wise guy eh ?
(slaps forehead repeatedly) oh wise guy eh ?#(scared curly noise) nyaghnyaghnyaghnyaghnyagh
i got them fair and square and i kept my dignity not like janey's mom#(like curly) whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop whoop
(thunderous roar)#you can not change the rules in the middle of the game we never would have had these kids if we'd thought we had to pay for 'em promises were made
that ad makes me look like a criminal#then why did you appear in it ?
that wasn't me#maybe she was you and you are not how many kids do we have ?
three#wrong lady oh wait the baby
i try my best they ridicule me they mock everything i cherish#honey this marriage is a partnership when you fall i pick you up and when you can not finish a sandwich i eat that sandwich
(sweetly) you are my rock homie#and i promise this rock is gonna weigh you down for the rest of your life
awww#honey no one messes with my mrs i will come down on those guys like the garage door on bart's bike
what are you going to do ?#you just leave everything to homer and now i believe you owe me half a sandwich
i always keep one near the bed for you#(checks watch) here comes my commercial in six five four
(nervous murmur) i probably should have watched it first#you have probably heard a lot of bad things about families come first
you have probably heard a lot of bad things about families come first#but newspaper writers are a bunch of jerks who really opposes "families come first ?"
but newspaper writers are a bunch of jerks who really opposes "families come first ?"#many childless advocates are like ben affleck  famous successful people from (ominous) out of state
many childless advocates are like ben affleck  famous successful people from (ominous) out of state#they live in fancy houses in other places
they live in fancy houses in other places#"families come first" is supported by lifelong springfieldians you know and trust like me milhouse's dad bumblebee man surly duff and that jerk that goes (imitates frank nelson) "yeees"
"families come first" is supported by lifelong springfieldians you know and trust like me milhouse's dad bumblebee man surly duff and that jerk that goes (imitates frank nelson) "yeees"#for more information visit our website wwwaljazeeracom we are not affiliated we are just piggybacking on their message board
for more information visit our website wwwaljazeeracom we are not affiliated we are just piggybacking on their message board#(hypnotic) i am rudy giuliani do as i command you i am rudy giuliani do as i command you
(upset) it says "yes on two thirtytwo" we want no on two thirtytwo yes on two fortytwo#either way the important thing is the system works
and the bumper stickers misspelled "on"#great let's dump these kids in an rrated movie while we go someplace nice
i need to be alone right now#marge wait
marge wait#i am rudy giuliani you must forgive homer i am rudy giuliani you must forgive homer i am
can i bring my laser pointer ?#what do i care ?
i ran here as fast as i (getting hit by door noise)#bart that creepy kid's here (grossedout noise)
int simpson house  living room)#a tenspeed bike ? what did your mother say ?
i said no#i am confused which is it ?
it is no his old bike is fine#yeah the kitchen lady's right  no new bike while your old one still works
(calm) i see so if my old bike did not work i would automatically get a new one ?#that is right (firmly) no questions asked
i know how you feel lis no kid wants to outlive their pet#there there you are both right
int bike store  continuous)#son would you like to ride your new bike out of the store ?
can i for true ?#for true son
your bike is in here i could put it together right now  for a small assembly fee#here we go now it starts with the fees
here we go now it starts with the fees#i will assemble it myself
dad no (pleading) think of the bike#i can make a bike i made you
(sarcastic) yeah great workmanship#hey that is gonna win you a lot of bar bets some day
int simpson house  basement  night)#oh man this is so confusing
oh man this is so confusing#what the hell is this ? (moans)
what the hell is this ? (moans)#(sleepy) bike's over there
you actually did it you are the coolest dad#(chuckles)
haw haw your dad's not handy#son are you okay ? i brought my homemade first aid kit it is springloaded for quick access
son are you okay ? i brought my homemade first aid kit it is springloaded for quick access#(screams)
like eating while driving that is somethin' and nobody gets madder at the news#first of all thank you secondly
int simpson house  basement  night)#there is nothing worse than the look on a boy's face when he says "dad i do not think you can build a fullyfunctional robot"
there is nothing worse than the look on a boy's face when he says "dad i do not think you can build a fullyfunctional robot"#(embarrassed chuckle)
(embarrassed chuckle)#(embarrassed chuckle)
(embarrassed chuckle)#(screams)
(screams)#robot i command you do something cool
do something cool#(moans) i could quit now but then my son will never look up to me (moans) why was i born a dad ?
(moans) i could quit now but then my son will never look up to me (moans) why was i born a dad ?#(furious) why do i suck ?
(furious) why do i suck ?#wait a minute what is it my dad always said to me ?
if you can not build a robot be a robot#(inspired) that is it
(gleeful laughter) awesome i gotta tell milhouse#(sadly) oh the beer's gone i will have to suck it out of the shag
(consoling) oh lisa honey it is okay you are a buddhist so you know your cats are now reincarnated as a higher form of life#like a dog or a snowman
(reads) "dear bart"#"i'd love to be with you but i just remembered an old army buddy has come to town will meet you later love dad
what is this ? knockahomer has dropped his hammer#doin' it for the boydoin' it for the boy pain is love to bleed is to care
(cheers)#woo hoo (then quickly) i mean beep beep
then knockahomer did three victory laps and pretended to drink a beer#(chuckles) pretended
dad what are all those cuts ?#various bug bites and wounds now stop interrupting your brother
dad it was so great  knockahomer really took a pounding but then he won#i like you son
i like you son#(winces) not so rough bart daddy can not handle so much love right now
this robot's the greatest thing you have ever done for me i can not believe you have never seen him fight#well i have been busy son they really need me over at the nuclear plank
well the next match is saturday can you come then ?#i do not think so son but on the other hand i may be closer than you think
i do not think so son but on the other hand i may be closer than you think#(moans) so much metal in my eye
our robot can kick that robot's ass right dad ? (looks around) dad ?#oh no my recurring nightmare is coming true
oh no my recurring nightmare is coming true#there are many people i'd like to thank for this award my wife anjelica huston  this is for you angie we did it
speeches cannot be longer than thirty seconds#(scream)
now a tribute to those who have left us this past year#(terrified noise)
int simpson house  tv room  day)#listen son there is something i have to tell you about our robot
you guys are just in time my dad's about to tell me something important about our robot#uh
uh#i just installed a chip that makes it ten per cent more bloodthirsty
(cheer)#(to bart doomed hero) and if anything happens to me i want you bullies to take care of my boy
do not worry i will raise him like the mean streets raised me#(warmly) i wish i had bullies like you growing up
my job was to keep lisa's hope alive but instead she is really depressed#you think you have got problems look what i just pulled out of my arm
(gasp)#that is what we in the business call "a biggie"
business what business ?#the business of being a dad can you hand me that magnet ?
the business of being a dad can you hand me that magnet ?#can you do my back ?
(shocked whisper) dad ?#bart i am sorry  i could never build a robot this awesome i am a fraud
so you fought all those robots ?#(nodding sadly) affirmative
that is so cool#you really think so ?
yeah any poindexter can throw some nuts and bolts together  you risked your own life even though you are the sole provider for a family of five i am the luckiest kid in the world#and i am the luckiest (being yanked sound)
that robot has given birth to a man#hey what gives ? he is not killing me
i will tell you what gives i am afraid he is subject to isaac asimov's laws of robotics with the scifi and the so many books not too many good my robot is programmed never to harm humans you see only to serve them#he knows just how i like my martinis full of alcohol
go go go now's your chance#(chuckles) bart all that button ever did was send a mild electric shock up my backside
why did you make it do that ?#keep me focused
(boos)#son did you ever suspect it was me ?
well you did disappear a lot but i have gone whole summers without seeing you#(chuckles) yeah i am pretty unreliable
(chuckles) yeah i am pretty unreliable#let's see i will have sixteen gravy scrape 'ems a bucket of twisty lard and two superchoker breakfast burritos with macho sauce and megasize it please
i could also deepfry the bag#great and i will have a diet coke deep fried
int homer's car  continuous)#(concerned) hmm need more lap
(concerned) hmm need more lap#(rapid cyclical eating noises)
(rapid cyclical eating noises)#i can not see i will have to steer by the reflection in my watch
i can not see i will have to steer by the reflection in my watch#(moans) why do not i just pull over ?
ext nuclear power plant  continuous)#it is stuck krusty collectible toy jammed under brake pedal
yes we are wellprotected against every threat from bombtoting bolsheviks to goldenarmed jazzbos (shudders)#oh no i hit the grief counselor
(furious) consider yourself fired#i had a car
ext springfield  streets  that day)#(very dejected) i gotta get a job before marge finds out i was fired
(very dejected) i gotta get a job before marge finds out i was fired#that is it i will steal this sign and they will pay me to make them a new one
buyers never tell you what they are willing to spend and when they talk privately we spy on them through this oneway mirror#(gleeful) we will clean out those stupid americans (chuckles)
(gleeful) we will clean out those stupid americans (chuckles)#you probably want to talk this over so i will leave you two (air quotes) "alone" (maniacal laugh) excuse me
let's get outta here i am not shaking that guy's hand#(cocky) they will be back
(cocky) they will be back#(sad noise) he was my best friend
(sad noise) he was my best friend#cool an ambulance from the '60s (peers inside) i bet a lotta hippies were denied care in this thing (laughs) injured hippies
(siren noises turning into) buy me buy me buy me buy me#i will do it
ext simpson house  later that day)#guess what ? i quit my job as a used car salesman
(confused) you work at the nuclear plant#get with the program marge your husband is now an ambulance driver
do not you need training for that ?#(rolling eyes) maybe on planet zoozoo
(holding syringe) not if i pump your heart full of morphine first#kids kids those are not your toys they are to keep daddy asleep and awake
kids kids those are not your toys they are to keep daddy asleep and awake#i am gonna need them on my first shift tonight
tonight ? but i was hoping you could watch the kids while i work on my novel#slow down picasso you were gonna start a novel without informing me ?
(exasperated) homer you left two jobs and bought an ambulance without even a phone call#(proudly) i also fed some ducklings
i know  i got your message#fine fine i will take the kids tonight and you go to your precious hair appointment
(annoyed) i am writing a novel#(not listening) whatever but i think you look great already
int ambulance  continuous)#where to mack ?
for the third time the hospital you are an ambulance not a taxi#hospital eh ? wow everyone's goin' there tonight
why do not you just admit you do not know where the hospital is ?#why do not you admit i know it is around here somewhere ?
int simpson house  dining room  present)#marge i am back
oh homie i have had the most exciting day#yeah yeah yeah i need some dinner stat (sarcastic) and the kids need some cpr lessons
we are not paramedics#i will say
i will say#oh good you can use that to take down my dinner order i will start with the soup then a nice mixed grill with a side of wild rice
i suppose i better your father's a very private person#marge we are out of bath towels
marge we are out of bath towels#ooh ice cream truck
ooh ice cream truck#(sings) here in my car / i am hosing off blood / some of it is mine / but most of it is not / here's marge
homie i finished my novel#(impressed) ooh typed
(nervous) it is really important that you read it and tell me what you think#(sincere) no problem
(sincere) no problem#(moans) two hundred and eightysix pages
it is doublespaced#woo hoo i am halfway through
woo hoo i am halfway through#(reading) all right "chapter one" hm that makes sense "there once was a girl from nantucket" good good "her name was temperance barrows and her heart was heavy with feeling she" (snores)
(reading) all right "chapter one" hm that makes sense "there once was a girl from nantucket" good good "her name was temperance barrows and her heart was heavy with feeling she" (snores)#no gotta read marge's book can not get distracted hm "distracted" that is a funny word does anyone ever get "tracted ?" let me call the suicide hotline and ask them
well ?#well what ?
did you read the book ?#oh yes
did you like it ?#i did
(relieved) oh that is wonderful and the characters did not bother you at all ?#no they were all in their own way totally awesome
and you are fine with me trying to get it published ?#as i have always said "publish or perish"
we are doomed#so how much bleach did you drink ? (beat) not a talker eh ?
ext kwikemart  day)#apu do you sell crazy straws ? i have got a guy with a broken back and i am tryin' to cheer him up
oh mr homer anything for a cuckolded boob i mean loyal customer#what are you talking about ?
nothing nothing (insinuating) it just seems your wife has an "active imagination"#why do you keep talking that way ?
(insinuating) you will see when you read your wife's book#(exasperated) well then maybe i will
(insinuating) if you do you will see she lusts for flanders#that one i got
ext springfield streets  continuous)#i will have to read marge's book and i swore never to read again after "to kill a mockingbird" gave me no useful advice on killing mockingbirds it did teach me not to judge a man based on the color of his skin but what good does that do me ?
int ambulance  later)#(grimly) "the harpooned heart" (pleased) book on tape (puzzled) as read by marykate and ashley olsen
thunder down under" chapter one temperance barrows stared at the shrimp on the barbie#how can you write such horrible things about me ?
you told me you liked it (realizing) you did not read it at all you lied to me#i did not lie i was writing fiction with my mouth
i did not lie i was writing fiction with my mouth#just tell me how much of this is true
well there is a place called nantucket#i knew it (sobs) and what about the romance between you and cyrus ?
(sadly) it was only my imagination#well i will make sure you never imagine anything again
ext evergreen terrace  continuous)#flanders
int flanders' house  continuous)#(angry) open this door right now
well i guess it would not kill me to let you in#(angry noises)
(angry noises)#(angry noises)
(angry noises)#(angry noises)
(scared noise)#(to nelson) what are you doing here ?
int ambulance  continuous)#flanders pull over i am an ambulance
(scared) dear lord please make homer's blows precise and deadly with a minimum of pain oh and forgive me for those impure thoughts i had about the girl on the raisin box#(menacing) flanders i am gonna do something i shoulda done a long time ago
(menacing) flanders i am gonna do something i shoulda done a long time ago#would you help me be a better husband ?
huh ?#in marge's book i was so mean and you were so nice how can i be more like you ? just give me some advice
advice ? (relieved) just call me ann flanders#uhhuh
and a backrub can just be a backrub it does not have to lead to adult situations#why would i rub her back unless i wanted to get some oh to make her feel good
oh homie you are trying to improve yourself and it is because of my book#that is right i love you marge and i realize now i should show you more often the end of your book was the wakeup call i needed after falling asleep at the beginning of your book
(smiles) that is the best review i have gotten seriously these reviews are terrible#do not worry about those losers marge (suggestive) i think it is time we went home and collaborated on a little project of our own (chuckles)
int marge and homer's bedroom  night )#marge i have got it all figured out lee harvey oswald wanted to steal the jack ruby
jack ruby was a man not a jewel#(anguished moan) all right we are back to square one put on some coffee
(weary murmur)#i was so close
mom that sounds a lot like the movie "amadeus" which was historically inaccurate mozart worked hard on his music salieri was a respected composer#all i know is the guy who played mozart was also in "animal house" now there is a movie with good music (sings) animal house house house / nobody ever went to class / then we saw donald sutherland's ass / animal house house house / (etc)
int nuclear power plant  employee lounge  day)#(sings) rollin' rollin' rollin' / toxic barrel rollin'
ext moe's  establishing  day)#to old man burns who is paying us to drink because we are embarrassing
(toasting) we suck#(woozy) a lot of that went in my lungs
it is our anniversary free drinks for everyone#that is great i am honored to drink to apu and uh apulina
that is great i am honored to drink to apu and uh apulina#you know marge and i have an anniversary coming up
what did you plan to get your wife homer ?#(sheepish) these charity address labels that came in the mail
ext moe's  day)#(drunk) i do not wanna go home i am not done talking to me
just get out this door rummy and you are the city's problem if you make it through the night you are welcome back#home sweet home now to watch some tv
oh you poor soul you think that rat is a remote#five bucks ? i do not need your sharity i will dance for my money
(instantly pleased) homie they are beautiful that chevron station has the most romantic bouquets i feel a swoon coming on (starts to fall down) here it is#(to self tipsy) i am so wasted (excited) oh my god oh my god we are having a simultaneous pass out
(rolls eyes) oh fine#(moans) loveless loners are so lucky there is no way i can afford to give marge a nice anniversary present
oh you poor man you smell worse than you did last time#hm (strokes chin)
hey buddy that is nice sign work your penmanship is clear yet sad#(impressed) hey i know you we met in a police lineup
oh yeah yeah you know number two and number four are an item now#you do not have to tell me i was number three (holds up sign) listen you have any pointers for a newbie ?
i think you would do well with "crazy guy"#(to driver) coke and pepsi are the same thing wake up people (crazy noises)
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#(angry sputters)
homie i'd like to know what you have been doing after work#marge i am not gonna lie to you
(annoyed murmur) i also found this in your drawer#(chuckles) all the answers you need are in here happy anniversary
(gasp) are these diamondique ?#nope
diamondelle ?#nope
cubic diamondium ?#nope
dioxyribodiamondoid ?#close but no cigar just plain diamonds
hostess twinkies ?#i heard if you age them for ten years they turn to liquor
go ride bikes for a while huh#(slightly drunk) yeah you heard your mother
ext springfield street  day)#(sings) mr bojangles / mr bojangles / (shrugs) we are all bojangles / who killed bojangles ? / (points) maybe it was you
(sings) mr bojangles / mr bojangles / (shrugs) we are all bojangles / who killed bojangles ? / (points) maybe it was you#thank you thank you remember my dog up and died thank you
you got your wife the earrings man why are you still doin' this ?#i want to get a second house closer to work
homer#(shrieks)
you are panhandling i should have known from that panhandling sign plus that ticket you got for panhandling#but marge it was all for you to buy you all the nice things you deserve the flowers the earrings the bob seger boxed set which really only needed to be one disk but the box was nice
and to remind you of what you have done i am going to keep these earrings and wear them at social occasions#i do not understand
nothing#hoo boy are you in trouble
what're you talkin' about ?#when a woman says nothing's wrong that means everything's wrong and when a woman says everything's wrong that means everything's wrong and when a woman says something's not funny you would better not laugh your ass off
ext simpson house  establishing  dawn)#(to self sneaky "hee hees") wait 'til he puts his unsuspecting butt on that toilet seat ("hee hees")
(to self sneaky "hee hees") wait 'til he puts his unsuspecting butt on that toilet seat ("hee hees")#(confused noise) where is the "eeyow ?"
(exiting bathroom) all yours homer#you did not sit on the toilet
did not have to i am a dude#(pointing) butt on bowl little man
(struggling noises) hey mymy pants are not down#it does not matter (struggling noises)
it does not matter (struggling noises)#eeyow (sputters)
(huge laugh)#why you little
why you little#joke's on me is it ?
what is all that racket ?#(scared noise) it is old lady simpson run
what is going on ?#uhh (looks back at door guiltily then covering) i will tell you what is goin' on
uhh (looks back at door guiltily then covering) i will tell you what is goin' on#(upbeat) i am taking you all out for pancakes
yay#yeah
they just painted the tower brown#either way everyone who works in the kitchen speaks spanish
either way everyone who works in the kitchen speaks spanish#hey apu what is with the line ?
it is application day at miss wickerbottom's prenursery school#(confused) prenursery school ?
you know marge makes a good point  competitive schools are not for every baby (chuckles)#are you saying my daughter can not cut it ? (angry) just because i owe you fourteen thousand dollars ? i will show you
are you saying my daughter can not cut it ? (angry) just because i owe you fourteen thousand dollars ? i will show you#c'mon maggie you are getting into that school
(firm) i will hire a collection agency#(defiant) which one ? tricity ? omnipay ? instathreat ? i have beaten 'em all
the gap will always need sweaterfolders#i am sorry we wasted your time your lordship
(concerned noise) my baby has no future#oh maggie will do just fine she will have plenty of money 'cause she will marry a grocer
grocers do not make that much#who steals from the till would ya let me finish ? geez
(to maggie) maggie you are as smart as any one of those kids c'mon#i am taking you all out for tacos
well congratulations you are now as intelligent as a pig let's see if you can move up to dolphin  how many people in your family ?#(also holding up five fingers) woohoo i got that one right too (bobs head makes dolphin noises)
go maggie#go seminoles
(irritated clipped) yes thank you#so our kids keep getting smarter (stroking chin) if we have another one it could build a time machine which we could use to go back in time and not have any kids
"'got your nose' and other lies"#(reading) "if you can read this you are almost as smart as my baby" (chuckle) i am slappin' this sucker right over "support our troops"
well then (at a loss) find a new identity#your mother's right honey katie couric did not just become the world's most famous dwarf she escaped from the circus and went for it
all right if i am second rate as the smart kid i will find a new (overpronouncing) raison d'tre#that still sounds like the smart kid
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#the school sent this dealy over for maggie his name is phonic frog
(quickly) huh oh muh eh er#(chuckles) that is me huhohmuheher
(stilted) thisishuhohmuheher'sdoctor he istoosicktoworktoday#(chuckles then) i will be right back
i hope this typeface catches people's eye (downcast) it sure did not move our old fondue set#why do you always take the children and not the fondue sets ? why santa why ?
giant tongue#(smacks forehead) oh i knew it
(terrified screams)#oh no the giant is waking up
maggie the red button hit the red button (etc)#hit the red button
(half under water) maggie press the red button#i know we will use reverse psychology maggie do not press the red button
i know we will use reverse psychology maggie do not press the red button#damn it
(getting thrown around noises)#marge i have always loved you bart you were a worthy foe
lisa you are all right#(happily) oh good she is here in time to see us die
you can do it (points again) red#well marge you can not say i never take you anywhere
uhhmm#well i think we all learned a lesson today do not try to be something you are not namely food
i believe i can answer that#how'd you get in here ?
i am afraid your daughter is no longer welcome at our school she is as common as an angry woman in an ibsen play#(big forced laugh) zing
she could be at sweeping up hair (laughs)#that is my baby jerk
ext googolplex ticket window  continuous)#"the wild dingleberries ?" (scratches chin)
but they stretched out the plot and added a wildebeest from the hood#(pulls out cash) i am so there
(wiseguy) sorry pally the dingleberries are sold out but looking at you i am sure your kids are used to disappointment#how 'bout "diet coke  the movie ?" "president air bud tail to the chief ?" "my big fat greek salad ?"
sold out sorry not a movie the only movies starting now are "the redeadening" and "teenage sex wager"#(intrigued) ooh well i am curious to see if those teens lose their virginity and the wager only sweetens the deal
mr simpson that movie is condemned by our church's movie guide#"what would jesus view ?"
ext googleplex  ticket window  continuous)#okay kids forget the movie we will just go to the furniture store and sit down
ah two for "the redeadening" please#(to carl and lenny) "the redeadening" ? is that any good ?
classic hollywood story  the director saw my photo in a medical book#hey lenny is your film appropriate for kids ?
oh yeah there are lots of kids in it they fall victim to a vicious#(cutting him off) do not ruin it for me (to ticket vendor) one adult and four children for "the redeadening"
(terrified scream)#hey i paid for this popcorn and i am eating it
mr simpson i am scared#(chuckles) relax stupid everything you see is make believe although it is based on a true story some of which happened in this very theater
(shaken) dad i do not like this movie can we go home ?#oh honey do not be scared look they killed the evil doll
(screams)#well what do you know ? it is unkillable
well what do you know ? it is unkillable#honey can daddy rest his soda on your head ?
honey can daddy rest his soda on your head ?#(patting lisa's head) that is my girl
homer this is a rare lapse in judgment for you#but scaring kids is good for them it hardens them against future terrors  like roofing and driveway scams
(scream)#(chuckles) sorry i forgot i bought the soundtrack album
(amorous) homie that kojak is sexier than cannon and barnaby jones put together i think he looks a little like you#(telly savalas) who loves ya baby ?
how about a little "interrogation ?"#okay you have the right to remain sexy anything you touch can and will be held against you in a court of sex if you cannot afford a sextorney
good can you play with him for half an hour ?#(moans)
(moans)#i do not see any ghost i did find this newsweek from 1986 "why america loves saddam hussein"
"why america loves saddam hussein"#(mad) that is it it is one thing for a ghost to terrorize my children but quite another for him to play my theremin
none other i have been hiding in your attic  living off the moisture i can suck from the rafters#i thought we killed him
no we did not#but i did delete him from my bulk email list
that is right twice a week i get your email of the monkey peeing in his own mouth#oh yeah (chuckles) that monkey got america through some tough times
(sincere) forgive me i am just so envious of the happiness you all have can i please be part of it just 'til i get back on my feet ?#no way he is an annoying sneak who is out to steal my wife
(gleeful laughs)#okay kids you can keep him
oh my well homer maybe you should take him to moe's#c'mon little fella you are hangin' with me tonight
ext moe's  establishing  that night)#guys i'd like you to meet artie ziff
i fold / me too / i am out / i am done#(confident) i will see your fifty cents and raise you one dollar
well i am out of cash but would you accept ninetyeight per cent of the outstanding shares of ziffcorp stock ?#and the peanuts in your mouth
(loud) achem#all of them
flush what have you got ?#four jacks
four jacks#(chuckles) check it out i own a multinational corporation (chuckles) i always knew some day i'd be a cod
(macho) it is scum like you that undermine investor confidence#investor confidence ? perhaps this affects me  i own two hundred and thirty million shares of ziffcorp stock
you are the majority shareholder ?#(upbeat) i sure am  with all the inherent legal liability
(upbeat) i sure am  with all the inherent legal liability#(surprised noise)
(sincere) all right i admit it i did run ziffcorp into the ground (puts arm around homer) then this man took me into his home when no one else would and now as a result of his brilliant card playing (quickly) he is the one you want tape his mouth so he can not deny it#(distraught) do not tell my kids i am going to jail tell them i have joined the blue man group i am the fat one
homer simpson how do you respond to the charge that your company has betrayed the public trust ?#plead the fifth amendwhat ?
plead the fifth amendwhat ?#refuse to answer on the grounds that i what ?
refuse to answer on the grounds that i what ?#inseminate myself ? (to committee loud whisper) dudes i think this guy's comin' on to me
oh for heaven's sakes#your majesty can i go home now ?
int prison visiting cubicle  moments later)#i miss you guys so much the smell of marge's pork chops the way you kids kiss my "owies" when i go boom (sobs) this place has become like a prison to me
(choking noises)#aw it is no use son by the time i get out of here you will be grown (sings sadly) turn around / turn around / turn around and you are a young man / and you are too big to choke (sobs)
sorry you were wrongfully imprisoned simpson#can i apply my time toward a future crime ?
oh dad i missed you so much#oh my god maggie you are talking
homer i believe that is lisa#oh bart what a man you have become
i have to admit i will miss having him around#(chuckles) i do not think we have seen the last of artie ziff
int aztec theater  a little while later)#man even i think movie popcorn has gotten too big
man even i think movie popcorn has gotten too big#get your own mooch
trebulon minor ?#oh i am so bored maybe i will clean out my wallet
oh i am so bored maybe i will clean out my wallet#hey my car insurance expired quite a while ago (chuckles)
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#that is it from now on i am not looking forward to anything (checks newspaper) oh my god tomorrow there is a twoforone sale on piano benches i can not wait
kids why do not you write a complaint letter ? that is how i got the channel six weather girl to start wearing a bra#(furious) that was you ?
(dryly) i will write the letter#(irate) marge you destroyed my interest in weather
we are gonna have to track randall curtis down and make him listen to us#and i know just where to find him (reads envelope) 742 evergreen terrace
dad that is our address#(scared noise) he is in the house ?
well northern california is wine country  we could take a tour#and it is a perfect time i just got fired again
enjoy your tour and take it easy on mr curtis your father and i will be across the street at the lush valley winery#marge are you sure we should go drinking together ? i mean who am i gonna complain about while i am drinking ?
we should do more together you are my best friend homie#well yeah legally but if we are really best friends how come we never play hoops ?
the doctor said if you tried running again your ankles would shatter#hm all right we will go on the winery tour (then quickly) but you will have to catch me first
hm all right we will go on the winery tour (then quickly) but you will have to catch me first#ow my ankles snapped
the mediterranean climate is reproduced by cool pacific winds mixed with exhaust fumes from the highway#(inhales deeply then enraptured) ahh summer in tuscany
(sipping) mmm it goes great with the jolly rancher i am sucking on#pleasant aroma rich full body wellaged and the wine's not bad either (chuckles)
(reads from card) "fox broadcasting 10201 west pico building 203"#i drank this much
homie to store the extra wine we bought i made a little wine cellar#ooh can i have my special cup ?
homie you are so cute (giggling)#oh honey i love to hear you laugh (impression of a big marge laugh)
i do not talk like that#(imitating marge) yes you do
(long laugh)#hey you do a great me marge you gotta show the guys at moe's
(surprised) moe's tavern ? that is your fun place like me and the lamp store#(chuckles) come on we will have a blast kids while we are out the tv's in charge go to bed when it says
int moe's tavern  night)#two glasses of wine moe
now in a step i perhaps should have taken initially let me look up the value of that bottle in this wine collector's guide#all good points sleep tight my drunken angel
did you guys get home at two last night ?#yep your mother and i have become a legendary party couple like scott and zelda munster
do you have to make such an unholy racket ?#sorry marge  i gotta break in my ski boots some time
maybe we should put this booze cruise in dry dock for a while#no problem we can still have fun without you drinking
okay and maybe you could cut back too#you got it and when i feel weak i will draw strength from the bible
you got it and when i feel weak i will draw strength from the bible#uhoh here comes the gospel according to puke
i hope i can still have fun while everyone else is drinking#do not worry honey i do not even know if they serve alcohol at this thing
(chanting) eins zwei drei beer#ahh the germans you just can not stay mad at 'em
is not that a little big ?#you can just nurse it
you can just nurse it#(chanting) nurse it nurse it
(tipsy) have you ever walked on stilts ? it is not that great#yes and you have said that several times now
(philosophical) eh why do people worry about stuff ? it is all gonna work out#(to himself) i am in no condition to drive (then) wait  i should not listen to myself i am drunk
(to himself) i am in no condition to drive (then) wait  i should not listen to myself i am drunk#okay okay remember the rules for drinking and driving drive slow but not too slow drink some cola to keep yourself alert
okay okay remember the rules for drinking and driving drive slow but not too slow drink some cola to keep yourself alert#what the ?
what the ?#(sarcastic) nice work cruise control
(semiconscious) are we home yet ?#in a minute honey
in a minute honey#oh my god if i get one more dui they will take away my license (frets) and what will i leave when i rent rollerblades ?
maybe someone else is here and maybe he will step forward and admit to being the real culprit#(bird noises)
(bird noises)#(bird noises then to self) aw this is a new low for me (more bird noises)
ext police station  day  establishing)#(nervously) i paid your bail honey you are free to go
(sadly) i can not believe i drove drunk#but you do believe it right ?
i do not know what to believe anymore#(happily) that is my girl
where is your wife tonight homer ?#she is not coming anymore
what ? it is 'cause of her i put in a bidet well it is actually just a step ladder by the water fountain#listen moe i did something really terrible to someone i love
hey look i have been in the bartender business for a long time alright i have heard it all#well what i did was
(shocked) what are you ? you are like a monster that is like the worst thing i ever heard anybody do to anybody you should be drinkin' watereddown beer ininin a chipped glass on a stool with a nail sticking up#(sobs) can i have some peanuts ?
int simpson house  day)#(into phone) i can not talk to my wife for twentyeight days ? sir she is not an alcoholic you can not put me on hold i will put you on hold (more)
(into phone) i can not talk to my wife for twentyeight days ? sir she is not an alcoholic you can not put me on hold i will put you on hold (more)#(sings) i am a lineman for the county (spoken) your call is important to us please continue to hold (sings) and i drive the main road (spoken) there are eight calls ahead of you (sings) and the wichita lineman is still on the lililililililililililililililililililililililine
(tapping badge) cash bribes only#lisa lisa your suspicions are important to me and will be answered in the order received (sings) macarthur park is melting in the dark / all that sweet green icing rolling down / someone left my cake out in the lililililililili (running out of steam) li li li li
ext flanders' house  day)#flanders can you watch my kids while i am at the rehab clinic ?
oh thank god you are finally fighting your demons#(indignant) my demons and i are closer than ever next year we are gonna visit every major league baseball park i am just goin' in to bust marge out
(disappointed) well that is good too i guess#feed my pets and tape my shows
int quitters  registration area  day)#(lying) i am here to deliver a package to marge simpson
where is the package ?#(thinks then) dammit
homer ?#marge
marge#i have an awful confession to make you did not crash that car it was me i put you behind the wheel and i am so so so sorry
(furious) you let me believe that i'd done such a terrible thing ?#marge i did it out of love love of not being arrested but i realize now that nothing is more important than you
i can not believe you did that to me#that woman means the world to me would it be all right if i read from my bible ?
of course#no wonder they call it "the good book"
yes i really do not think you two should leave he is a chronic alcoholic and you are in complete denial#(drunk) aw shut up captain bringdown
homie i want you to promise me you will cut down on the drinking#okay marge for you i will give up rumbased cocktails except mojitos and rum and coke
it is important for me to see you take at least one step then maybe we can have some memories together that are not just a nauseous blur#all right (sincere) for you i will give up all clear liquors
really ? even zima ?#hey i only drink that when i am already drunk
you really mean it ?#hey anything's possible with a little help from my bible
hey anything's possible with a little help from my bible#oh no it is a real one noooooo why god why ?
oh no it is a real one noooooo why god why ?#where are your clothes for the gentleman who is big and fat ?
the basement sir#(upbeat) woo hoo
homer before you get anywhere near the escalator you have got to tie those shoes homer#(moan) so many shoppers ow damn this ow resilient economy (groan)
(moan) so many shoppers ow damn this ow resilient economy (groan)#(moan)
int dressing room area  later)#(hums happily)
(raps door) sirother customers need to use that dressing room#dressing room ? (beat) uh oh
we have already got an informer working deep cover on your dad one he will never suspect#is it lenny ?
my baby boy is in jail i am the worst mom in the world#(consoling) it is not all your fault all these years i watched you turn our son into a time bomb and yet i did nothing so in a way i too am a victim of you
you are a great mom you were always there for bart with love and support his acting out was probably caused by negative reinforcement#oh i get it blame the strangler
time's up#my poor boy is miserable in here there has to be something i can do to help him
my poor boy is miserable in here there has to be something i can do to help him#(nodding) interesting marge what does that sign say ?
so why do you want to be a guard here ?#i believe that children are the future  unless we stop them now
nightstick) this end's for beating this end's for holding#uhhuh when does training start ?
keep away keep away#(dramatic) put that sissy down
(dramatic) put that sissy down#if you are gonna pick on someone why do not you pick on someone much bigger than you with a gun ?
dad ?#that is right i got a job here so i can watch over you like a mother hen
his dad's a screw ?#i sure am (to bart) here you go son i brought you a lollipop from the guards' lounge
not so tough now huh ?#well that is the end of my shift
well that is the end of my shift#see you monday (checks watch) oh wait monday's martin luther king day i will see ya when i see ya
see you monday (checks watch) oh wait monday's martin luther king day i will see ya when i see ya#(to bart) love you
why would bart escape if he is gonna be released in two weeks ?#you just do not understand boys he is stupid
but he will not know where to go or what to eat#relax what is the worst that could happen ?
(hillbilly voice) i can not wait to lay my eggs in his brain#no son of mine will be marched down the aisle at the barrel of a ray gun
no son of mine will be marched down the aisle at the barrel of a ray gun#let's go
a pigsty#son i want you to know no matter what anyone says there is no shame in being caught alive
we are having "make your own taco" night#gina thanks for showing us the meaning of christmas
homie what are you doing ?#i am changing the batteries in all the remotes we are all out of triple a's so i am gonna whittle down a couple of these d's
i am gonna sleep on the couch#she sure loves that couch
homer this bachelor party seems to have peaked would you please return my pants and/or underpants so i can go home ?#come on it is your last night of freedom you gotta have some fun
grinch#(consoling) hey take it easy on skinner he is just down 'cause after tomorrow everything he does is wrong
you know homer edna was bugging me and bugging me to set a date and i picked one that seemed far away and it zoomed up like a junebug flying in my windshield#what are you trying to tell me skinner ?
homer lennymy man i could never lie to you guys i am starting to get cold feet please do not tell anyone#(meaningful) do not worry your secret's safe with me
(meaningful) do not worry your secret's safe with me#marge guess what skinner wants to bail on his wedding
homer you are still talking to me#(sheepish) oh man is this awkward i am outta here
principal skinner is having second thoughts ? poor edna#yeah marge it looks like you got the last perfect man oh uh by the way can i borrow your car tomorrow ? mine's acting up
(gasp then annoyed murmur) every day you find a new way to aggravate me#hey you are the one always bugging me to screw up our marriage
spice up spice up#whatever the important thing is to get skinner to that altar because once a union has been sanctified by god it takes at least six months to tear it apart
whatever the important thing is to get skinner to that altar because once a union has been sanctified by god it takes at least six months to tear it apart#right naked duffman ?
i think skinner might make a run for it  he is eyeing the exits and doing calf stretches#do not worry i have got a man on the perimeter
(over walkietalkie) cowabunga one to fat load#(low voice over walkietalkie) this is fat load i'd like to request a new codename
(over walkietalkie) denied#(over walkietalkie) okay fat load here
(looking up) that cloud looks awesome (looking down) that rock looks awesome (looks at hands) my hands look awesome#hey champ ready to take the plunge ?
(looking on) this is so sad#yeah he is crazy all right
well#(wakes up) unkink the hose
(peter lorre voice) drink or i will die#wait a minute i thought you did not wanna get married
that was before i missed her smell her warmth her beautiful beautiful penmanship#do not worry principal skinner
(speaks klingon clickclackstyle)#really ? boy it sucks to be you anyhoo if there is one thing i know it is how to win back a furious woman we will go to her house and i will whisper to you exactly what to say
really ? you will be my cyrano ?#hey if we get your girlfriend back i will not have to
ext mrs krabappel's apartment  later that evening)#okay just repeat after me "edna i made a huge mistake and i want you back"
(touched) oh that is so lovely (then angry) but it is too late to win us back with sweet talk#(confused shocked) marge ? are you helping her ?
i will not let edna throw her life away for some passionless marriage where two people lie in bed together with no contact whittling away the batteries until they die#which are you saying is dead ? our marriage or our batteries ?
homer marge if i could just speak to edna for a moment#shut up i did not tell you to say that
just why am i taking your advice ?#because i am successfully married
there is no ring on that finger#uhoh
uhoh#(moans) why did i take it off ? (thinks) oh right to see if i could skip it across lake michigan
ext mrs krabappel's apartment  morning)#string quartet are you tuned up ?
as tuned as we are gonna get in this humidity#(to boys choir) and the castrati ?
the what now ?#and a one and a two and a
she is nearmint and comes from a very limited edition  females who will talk to me#give her back to skinner a fat bald guy like you you could have anyone
edna's with comic book guy ? oh god she is on the rebound and you meet the worst guys on the rebound it is how jackie got her "o"#okay we will go to the convention sell my lois lane comics buy some jimmy olsens and stop edna from making a terrible mistake
i wish you would devote this much time and attention to our relationship#(not really listening) do not worry marge we will get something to eat
ext springfield convention center  later)#i do not see skinner anywhere
they are going into multipurpose room b#that room has a dry erase board they could be doing anything in there anything
at least i was planned#okay marge i hear ya now that krabappel has made her decision it is time to whitewash over our problems
i am afraid this time a coat of whitewash will not cover it#(huge gasp)
our marriage is just an illusion he does not care how i feel at all he does not know how to love#marge the greatest day of my life was the day you and i became one
marge the greatest day of my life was the day you and i became one#would you marry me again ?
a band in a closet every girl's dream#and now padre if you would do the honors
i do#marge you just agreed to raise the kids klingon
please do not make us go (pleads) if you make me get on that plane i will give myself diarrhea i know how#okay do not go (to bart and lisa) just stay here and rot with grampa
i am only rotting on the right side#i will rightside you (shakes fist)
(squeakyvoiced) i am sorry sir the computer says the movie "chocolate star wars" does not exist#i say you do not exist
a chick flick ? say it ain't so ho#can i have both ?
can i have both ?#(aside) son seeing sappy movies with a lady has certain "payoffs"
like what ? they will do something with you that they hate ?#exactly
ext simpson house  night)#(singing) where do i begin ? to tell the story of how great a love can be
the sweet love story that is older than the sea#the simple something that dum deedle dum dee dee / now let's push plaaay
opinion noted now if you do not mind your father and i are trying to lose ourselves in this romantic fantasy#yeah we are tryin' to create a mood here so shut the hell up
homie if i died would you be sad ?#eh well i would not be happy
(muttering) stupid kids ruin everything#so um you are not in the mood anymore are you ?
homie you know i am usually good for a triplex throw down but between those kids and going to uncle tyrone's we can not be alone#(one last try) we are alone now
you are never alone in this crapshack#why you little
why you little#(strangling noises)
(strangling noises)#what kind of an airline routes all their flights through nome alaska ?
(wistful) honeymooners  no kids no worries#(calling out) here's your future (laughs)
not me i do crunches#remember our honeymoon ?
you know if we were younger and crazier we'd trade in these tickets and run off to miami#marge let's do it
what about uncle tyrone ?#we get one weekend to ourselves and we have gotta spend it watching some old geezer's odometer turn over ? as the bible says screw that
screw that#we do not have boarding passes but we need to get on that plane for reasons that are utterly insane
so we are upgrading you to first class#(amazed) there is a first class ?
this is so luxurious i feel like i am princess grace and princess di smashed together#and look at me i am reading "the economist" did you know indonesia is at a crossroads ?
(amazed) no#it is
ext swelldorado hotel  miami  poolside  day)#boy it is great being here without those children of yours
yeah i have never sat by a pool this long without having to apologize to someone#and tonight we will finally and romantically hump
seriously with the new breast pumps and diaper genies and corporate flextime childrearing oughta be a snap#you keep thinking that (laughs)
int hotel  hallway  dawn)#(singing) come on everybody have some sexual congress / not the kind of congress that contained paul tsongas
(angry) the kids tracked us down (sighs) our romantic holiday just became a stinkin' family vacation#marge i will not let that happen we have to grab this chance for romance now or we will never be alone not 'til lisa's in college and we have lost contact with bart
you are right but where do we go ?#(confident/dramatic) i have got a card that can take us anywhere in the world
ext plane  continuous)#noooo
homie people in the other elevators can see us#oh yeah like people in new jersey have never seen a fat man makin' out it is on the freakin' state flag
ext airport  terminal  day)#occupied
int niagara falls hotel  marge and homer's room  continuous)#at last we are alone
at last we are alone#(makes snare drum noises then hums stripper theme)
homie the waiter's still here#oh right
thank you sir#(chuckles) and now my darling it is finally time for romance but before the intercourse the dinner course
(giggles and happy screams)#(sadly) all i wanted was a second honeymoon and now the floor is made of lava
ext top of ferris wheel  continuous)#i knew if we got up early enough we could sneak away from bart and lisa kids do not beat me i beat kids
(scream)#you monsters you followed us
let me finish my sentence#never
ext amusement park  another area)#this way
ext "moon bounce" castle  day  later)#quick  we can hide in here
(points to sign) i do not know homie why do not we just go home wait 'til the kids fall asleep and have sex in the car ?#because i was saving that for my birthday now c'mon
int moon bounce  continuous)#this must be what it is like to be in space
you have been to space#(sadly) and yet i have never been to me
(sadly) and yet i have never been to me#that sliding should stop soon
that sliding should stop soon#this rolling is just temporary
this rolling is just temporary#ah that is better so why do they call this place niagara falls anyway ?
int moon bounce  continuous)#(scared moan) marge i guess we will just have to make love in heaven i will bet it always works up there
more alive than any of you squares#(happy gibberish)
(happy gibberish)#(happy less sexual giggles and whoops)
(happy less sexual giggles and whoops)#oh you are on my hair oh that is better
tonight we reveal a shocking secret#no one does that to my daughter
what did those women expect ? when you sign a contract with fox you know you are gonna be betrayed and humiliated#(points at tv) quiet the commercial's on (explaining kindly) if we do not watch these it is like we are stealing tv
do you love that soooweet smell of farmer billy's bacon ?#do i ever
would you like to see how a pig goes from loving life to your fork and knife ?#(gasps) would i
if you like bacon you are gonna love it and if you do not like bacon well then the hell with you#(standing up) i am going to find that golden ticket and win that tour the only thing that can make bacon more delicious is seeing how it is made
okay farmer billy's slowkilled bacon farmer billy's baconfed bacon farmer billy's travel bacon mr simpson if you really want to kill yourself i also sell handguns#nope just lookin' for that golden ticket
nope just lookin' for that golden ticket#nope nothing nope nada (gasp) the golden ticket at long last
please mr simpson please i fear your smooches are premature this is in fact a silver ticket#(confused) huh ?
(reading) "this silver ticket entitles you to judge the pig competition at the springfield county fair"#(considering) judge a pig competition ? but i am no supergenius (scratches chin thoughtfully) or are i ? (chuckle)
this song is about a country i love  you may have heard of it it is called america#hey i know that country
(sings) but i love this country / to me she has no sins / if you do not buy my record / then al qaeda wins#usa usa
of all the days for you to get a zit#comely succulent clearly had a snout job
comely succulent clearly had a snout job#ugh too eighties
one more felony assault simpson and you are goin' down (looking around pleased) i did not know i could fit in a bubble i must be losin' weight#(moan) but i have gotta do something (thinks) i will need a disguise
(hearty laugh fires guns)#(disguised heroic voice) hold it right there
(impressed gasps)#(disguised heroic voice) you have hurt your last feeling
shall we ever see springfield's costumed protector again ?#oh i have a funny feeling we will wherever people are mistreated the pie man will strike (chuckles knowingly)
int simpson house  lisa's room  evening)#whatcha doin' sweetie ?
i am drawing a picture of my newest hero the pie man#that is really sweet honey
that is really sweet honey#aw hey let's turn that frown upside down
dad i feel like i am gonna throw up#what is wrong son ?
he was just trying to unload these crappy comics on a helpless kid#somebody ought to take him down a peg (then gets an idea) or should i say down a pie
no i think the expression is "peg"#(thoughtful) maybe you are right lisa maybe you are pie piebe you are pie
oh brother why do we get all the weirdos here at the comic book store ?#comic book guy do not do the crime if you can not do the key lime
you can tell by the way the pie tin sits on his face that he is very good looking#(coy) oh i think you would find his filling extremely hot
ooh (snaps fingers) i will bet he is ned flanders#flanders ? he is not man enough to trim my crust i mean pie man's crust (eyes darting) i am not pie man
pie  popular pastry tricky math thing and now sword of righteousness a masked avenger has been giving springfield's scoundrels their just desserts#this is for your show is slight decline in quality over the years
thanks to this clinic we will no longer be terrorized by the spectacle of women aging naturally#(grand laugh)
(grand laugh)#not so fast (dripping contempt) oldtime liberal
pie man no it is a trap#no trap can hold homer simpson (lying) but i am not homer simpson i am the pie man homer simpson away i mean the pie man
shoot to kill#(screams) dammit
(flustered) i am looking up your nose but i feel like i am staring into your soul#(retracting noise)
(stunned) that was so exciting yet familiar like coke with lemon#let's seecartilage cartilage muscle (loud) nerve arterybullet (relieved noise)
dad ?#pie man is not your father little girl (covering) i murdered your father
dad please it is obvious you are pie man we have been getting his mail for weeks#we shall continue this conversation in the pie cave
int simpson basement  night)#watch it one more step welcome to my secret lair
dad this is the basement here's the iced tea i left down here this afternoon#so it would seem anyhoo i will bet this is all a pretty big surprise huh ? mildmannered homer simpson
you are not mildmannered you are often liquoredup and rude#honorable men can differ now what brings you down here ?
i want you to stop this dad before you get killed#all right i will stop but what'll i do with these pies ?
well i know one thing you could do#(chuckles) i was in so deep i forgot pies were food
simpson you are late bald and stupid i am docking you a day's pay#i will show him
i will show him#no i should not
no i should not#or should i ?
or should i ?#(to photo) i will keep my promise honey
(furious) no looking at pictures of loved ones#(angry grumbles)
(goodygoody male voice) do not do it homer you made a promise to lisa#since when do i listen to cakes ?
(bowery boy voice) tell you what homer  you make one last hit then you are out of the business forever (puffs cigar) lisa would understand#you are all so wise i wish i could eat each and every one of you
again ?#(dramatically) i have run out of pierelated puns
sir i never#(loud sleep noises)
to the employee prison#(confused noise)
now let's see what we have here#(worried scared noises)
(shocked) simpson you will rue the day you took that pie tin poked holes for eyes and attached a rubber band around the back#(scared) it is not a rubber band it is a scrunchie
wait i have a better idea you will work for me now#(puzzled look) i already work for you
(exasperated sigh) in addition to working in your normal capacity at the plant you will also serve as my personal hit man#do i get two paychecks ?
no#(shrieks)
ext city  night)#but i promised my daughter
do as i say or i will tell the police (ominous) you will do so much community service#(anguished) nooo not community service  i can not stand helping others i just can not
(coldly) now open the folder it contains your next victim#(gasps) no not him anyone but him (pleading) i have had my problems with him everyone has but like every monster he just wants to be loved
(gasps) no not him anyone but him (pleading) i have had my problems with him everyone has but like every monster he just wants to be loved#(sad moan)
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#i can not sleep i keep thinking about the pie man
(turned on) oh me too#what if he started pieing good people ? not because he wanted to but because he was being blackmailed by his boss ?
homie are you the pie man ?#no i am not and here's a picture that proves it
no i am not and here's a picture that proves it#see
now on a different subject kiss me hard#(as he kisses) you know i am not pie man
girl scout cookies#oh come on she is a little girl
now pie that brownie fruitcake#sorry
gaga googoo (all business) your assignment#(gasps) the dalai lama
as springfield's youngest buddhist i am deeply honored to introduce the dalai lama#(moans) i can not do this in front of lisa why does she have to believe in things ?
(gasp)#please forgive me talking llama
c'mon pie man hit him that is the only reason anyone came to this stupid thing#no i will not there is only one way i can escape from this nightmare
yeah and homer's a dumbass no offense homer (quiet) ya dumbass#i am telling you i am the pie man
dad i think you created a hero that even you could not live up to#(chuckles) yeah let's go home honey
i know one person who believes you were the pie man homie me i have known it all along#was it the kiss ?
(suggestive) so pie man why do not you show me your superpowers ? (beat) pie man ?#wherever injustice shows its ugly face i will be there for i am the pie man
ext simpson house  back yard  continuous)#homer drunk but how ? hmmm
(disgusted kissing noises)#(wiping his mouth) eww i kissed that sad weird kid
(wiping his mouth) eww i kissed that sad weird kid#my beer (cradles bottle) you never had a chance to become my urine (sobs then to bart) why you little
now up the case of simpson v simpson#mr simpson do you think it is appropriate for a tenyearold boy to steal a beer with intent to kiss ?
do you think it was appropriate to bet against your son's little league team ?#permission to treat this witness as hostile
your father's first kiss was in high school  with me#(fidgeting) actually marge uh there uh was someone before you
(shocked noise)#it was years ago when i was ten back in the '60s or '50s or maybe it was the early '70s
int girls' kitchen  continuous)#i thought we were gonna play fun games at camp
ext girls' beach  later)#i could not believe my eye
int simpson house  living room  present)#she was the prettiest girl i'd ever seen uh until i met your mother who made that girl look like a godzilla made of garbage
yes and then your father broke my heart (to homer) and if i'd known he was you i never would have married you#oh this is so confusing i'd like a brief recess
granted (bangs gavel)#whee recess
whee recess#(happy giggles)
let me get this straight when you were my age you had the hots for mom and did not even know it ? that is cool or is it lame ? i guess i will go with lame (snotty) you are lame#why ? because i only kissed one girl in my whole life ? that is still one more than you
i have kissed three girls#(sobs) i am so lame
(snippy) you are not gonna be kissing anybody for a while#well that stinks but i still get to kiss you right ?
oh i am sure it is a much nicer name than homer#(flustered noise then to self) think homer think
what did you say ?#i am elvis elvis jagger elvis jagger abduljabbar
no no i'd best be on me way i will just take some teddy grahams for the road#there goes a good friend
the perfect kiss#it was pretty delicious
(dreamy sigh)#it felt like a cluster bomb wiping out a graveyard full of zombies
(turning bitter) but then your father showed his true colors#(suddenly worried) whuhoh
ha ha you said "dog doo" (laughs)#(chuckling) she sure did (pointed) now if lisa is finished with her shenanigans i will tell you why i did not show up
ext promontory  night  30 years ago)#we had just finished our first smooch and i felt a feeling i'd never felt before
(eating noises) sweet sweet poison (then) uhoh (choking noises)#(chuckles) kids love trains
i can not believe i went five minutes without one of these dream sticks#(panting) hey have you two longshoremen seen a pretty girl ?
if you are who i think you are that girl is gone and she never wants to see you again#she would not do that  we shared something special
was that special ?#(sobbing) no
(sobbing) no#(defeated sigh) i just blew my first chance at true love
int simpson house  kitchen  present)#and now that my special girl has heard the truth i know she will forgive me
and now that my special girl has heard the truth i know she will forgive me#earth to special girl ? you forgive me right ?
homer when you nurse a hurt for thirty years it does not go away in an instant#(beat) what about now ?
(frustrated noise)#what about now ?
no homer#what about now ?
no homer#what about now ?
no homer#marge i am really sorry i hurt you but i have done way worse stuff since then (ticking off items on his fingers) there was the gun i hid from you the time i sued the church ruining lisa's wedding in the future remember that ?
homie i know this should not bother me but a girl only has one first love (sigh) i guess it did not mean that much to you#that is not true i thought about that girl every day of my life (sweetly) until i met you
i wish there was some way i could believe that#all right this is my memory box i have not opened it in thirty years
all right this is my memory box i have not opened it in thirty years#ooh a letter from my old pen pal (warmly) someday i will write you back osama (searches some more then) ah here's what i am lookin' for
(moved) oh homie you did care#i sure did i kept it right next to my ibm stock king
int lab  moments later)#because somehow you realized i was a good guy after all ?
no as a reminder of the hurtful things men can do#(charles nelson reilly noise)
oh elvis#oh anonymous girl who turned out to be marge
make mine calico#here you go
well that just leaves bart#(like a snitch) do not forget maggie
whoa something's wrong ah ah i can not hear#doctor perform a diagnosis
the boy's hearing should clear up in a day if it does not call me in the bahamas for now he can express himself with this complimentary pen#(taking pen) cool
stop it homer#(sad moan)
int simpson house  dining room  evening)#bart pass the ketchup (louder) bart pass the ketchup
dad he is deaf#oh sorry right
oh sorry right#bart pass the corn (beat) bart pass the corn
donkey basketball ? now i have heard everything (to bart) unlike you (laughs)#everybody remember that for when his hearing comes back
your child's behavior appalls me not just as a principal but as a veteran of america's only losing war#(piping up) to date
(jeers of agreement)#(indignant) no one calls me unpatriotic
(indignant) no one calls me unpatriotic#uhoh
int moe's  day)#hey guys
hey guys#oh cold shoulder huh ? well i will just talk to myself (low voice) hey how ya doin' homer ? (homer's voice) oh not too bad how about you ? (low voice) oh i am fine your wife was great in bed last night (homer's voice) you keep your hands off my wife (low voice) oh yeah ? well i give her what she needs and she likes
oh cold shoulder huh ? well i will just talk to myself (low voice) hey how ya doin' homer ? (homer's voice) oh not too bad how about you ? (low voice) oh i am fine your wife was great in bed last night (homer's voice) you keep your hands off my wife (low voice) oh yeah ? well i give her what she needs and she likes#oh homer stop it
goodbye homer i can not get drunk and vomit next to a guy i do not respect#(sobs) even my best friends have left me i am all alone
(sobs) even my best friends have left me i am all alone#(drinking/sobbing noises)
we have become pariahs in the last two hours i have gotten one thousand hate spams#y'ello (mounting excitement) appear on your tv show ? tell our side of the story ? you will see us there ? goodbye ? (pause) dial tone ?
(cutting her off) we get it mom#no no no (turned on) let her finish
look what should i say to make people not hate me ?#son i have learned one thing in this life to stay out of trouble just say nothing do not rock the boat do not even get in the boat (more)
to stay out of trouble just say nothing do not rock the boat do not even get in the boat (more)#just buy some ice cream and walk around the pier but do not go in the bathrooms they are filthy
dad i am going on a talk show i have to say something#talk about boats then when he asks you if you hate this country you just start crying and pretend you do not
but i do not hate this country#there there save your lies for the american public
if by us you mean loudmouthed talk show hosts which everyone seems to be in this country then yes i do hate americans#(mouth full gasp then muffled) what'd you say ?
(hissing) martha play something to lighten the mood#(sings along) buy me some peanuts and crackerjack / i do not care if ow
well let's see after they blindfolded us it was left right left then a three hour plane ride (discouraged murmur)#do you get time off for snitching on your cellmates ? (chuckle)
well we are not the only ones to be unjustly imprisoned check out all the leftwing celebrities#bill clinton ? what are you doin' here ?
homer we have got to get outta here#(intently watching) yeah yeah next commercial
i know a way out#who are you ?
i am the last registered democrat tax and spend tax and spend (cackles) now if you want to escape you can do it during the prison talent show tomorrow night#i do not want to be in any stupid talent show not without my tennessee walking horses
you guys are on after al franken so the guards will have used up most of their bullets make your break at the end of your act#now people have accused this family of not loving our country but you can not spell usa without us eh ?
(singing) o beautiful / for spacious skies / for amber waves of grain#fifty stars and thirteen stripes
my card here says "aclu" / now look what i am going to do#to love our country is no chore
wait right here for our encore#we mean it do not move (runs off)
int tunnel  continuous)#(sings to melody from above) okay kids show off your pipes
dad why are you still singing that stupid song ?#because if they catch us we may have to do it again (determined points to maggie) and this time i want it tight
ext prison  day)#(annoyed grunt) what genius put a prison on the middle of an island ?
does everyone remember their swimming lessons ?#yes
no#great dive in
swim toward san francisco#i am not made of money we will swim to oakland
(points) there is a ship we are saved#oh what is the use ? even if they pick us up we will go back to jail 'cause they think we hate america i do not want to end up like elmo hanging himself in prison
the food is so delicious here and these chanel suits are five for a dollar i am using a jacket as a napkin#and here no one calls me a fat jerk i am a gourmand
i wish we could go back but i do not think we are welcome there#no marge there is one group that is always welcome in america immigrants without id
ext ship  continuous)#well kids this is the first chapter of our brand new lives in america
name ?#simpson
from now on you are the simps#ooh that'll save some time
ooh that'll save some time#now kids it will take us a while to assimilate i will start out as a cop and then with time become a dirty cop
today geezer rock will be officially designated a national landmark#bart you promised you would stop making that comparison
bart you promised you would stop making that comparison#(as he chokes) per our agreement
he is got a tree in his eye#if that tree gets too big it will ruin the beauty of that rock we will lose tourists and then who will buy my roadside corn ?
you do not sell roadside corn#there is a lot you do not know about me marge a lot that would shock you
ext geezer rock  continuous)#now to do something i have never done before  help out an old man
but i did not read my poem#here's a poem "run fast or lose your ass"
(snide) well at least some good came out of today#(casual) bart you are grounded for a year
i will just pay the fine#okay three bucks
publish it myself ? (intrigued) why not ? i could put out a whole newspaper dedicated to the rock i'd be a publisher just like katherine graham#or that lady who wheels larry flynt around
thanks for helping me deliver the first edition of the red dress press dad#i am always happy to help you sweetie
i am always happy to help you sweetie#he tosses a paper and yells out the window
he tosses a paper and yells out the window#extree extree man driving erratically throws papers out window
ext cemetery  outside gate  day)#boy i can not wait to dance on his grave
(shrieks)#stupid women drivers
(shrieks)#stupid women helicopter pilots
(terrified scream)#everyone okay ?
dad mr burns cut our power  now i can not print my paper#these batteries have to power everything in our house
these batteries have to power everything in our house#(sings) yo i will tell you what i want what i really really want what i want what i want i will tell you what i
(sings) yo i will tell you what i want what i really really want what i want what i want i will tell you what i#that was totally worth it
so has your daughter always been such a righteous little rabblerouser ?#(proud) oh yeah she is always trying to improve mankind
fascinating do go on#wait a minute are you trying to get dirt on lisa ?
(chuckles) you saw right through me well done have some congratulatory drugs#well if that is your custom
now tell me more about your daughter (sinister) and speak into the lamp#okay
okay#well she is into buddhism whistleblowing totally against pollution no matter what i say
liberal whacko eh ? any young beaux ?#(drains beer) well that loser milhouse has always had a thing for her do not you love it when nerds do not know they are nerds ?
dad how could you say these things ?#i am so sorry honey i said good things about you too check out the lifestyle section "plastic pearls make the girl"
take my wallet and leave me alone#oh i can not stand seeing one of my children like this
(fainter sobs)#(moans) i can still hear her i'd better do something
look at you go typeity type type type#(determined) marge i am pullin' an allnighter for my little girl put on a pot of coffee drink it and start makin' burgers
(reading) "the homer times" ?#"all my daughter ever did was tell people to think for themselves i may be her father but when i grow up i wanna be just like her except still a dude"
i review the new tractors they are all shite#see lisa ? instead of one big shot controlling all the media now there is a thousand freaks xeroxing their worthless opinions
am i the only one here who is in horrible pain ?#you are the only one who will not shut up about it
homer what are you doing ?#trying to get a frisbee off the roof
(screams)#oh there is the frisbee (chuckles)
(concerned) my you look awfully pale let's get you some fresh air#and while you are there can you get my frisbee off the ledge ?
well i did not need any special power to know that was comin'#hey flanders have you seen my frisbee ?
homer i can foretell people's deaths#(inspired) people's deaths eh ?
(inspired) people's deaths eh ?#(eagerly) do me do me
(shocked gasp)#so what'd i die of ? too much happiness ? naked girl avalanche ?
(lying) uh you die eating a submarine sandwich#(intrigued) what kind of bread ?
(lying) country parmesan#woo hoo
do not worry sweetie i am not going to kill your father#flanders ? kill me ? (laughs) you never killed anybody and you are gonna start with the big dog ? (laughs)
homer please do not tempt the gods ii mean god there isthere is one god only one well sometimes there is three#hey chief throw me your piece
uh sure thing citizen#c'mon shoot me a new one
c'mon shoot me a new one#(playful) oh i am so scared ned flanders is pointing a gun at me you could not even shoot me by accident even if i whacked the barrel like this (whacks barrel repeatedly and giggles)
quit whackin' my barrel#never (whacks barrel some more giggling)
homer stay away from the nuclear plant#fine i will never go back starting tomorrow today is lenny's birthday and they are having ice cream cake
(imploring stuttering) but you are gonna kill us all#(imploring) but ice cream cake
(static) do it (static) do it (static) kill everyone#it sure is taking me a long time to reach this button
homer i am so mad at you i will bet you blew up the town just to get out of cleaning the garage#(chuckles) everything's comin' up homer
yeah well the joke's on you smart guy the garage made it to heaven too#(to self) hmmm i wonder if i could blow up heaven ?
your frisbee#cool you guys got a good buffet up here ?
oh yeah just stay away from the three bean salad#you are not the boss of me
ext public yard  day)#(british accent) please spare me i am not a murderer i am not and i have never known the pleasures of a woman or a proper eating apple
prior to ingestion the pill must be reduced by my amazing new shrink ray#(scoffs) shrink ray ? oh there is always something else to buy
int prof frink's lab  continuous)#hold on maggie daddy's coming
(struggling noises)#i have got her
i have got her#oh mag no wait this is yours
bionauts assemble#captain
now you must enter the subclavian vein#(defiant) screw you doc i fly from the gut
dad you should listen to him he is a man of science and you can barely read#bah has science ever kissed a woman or won the super bowl or put a man on the moon ? this is what i think of your precious science
(terrified screams)#help me science
why is my swimsuit so revealing ?#marge that is what turns a mediocre voyage into a fantastic voyage (bob hope growl)
int burns' body  moments later)#maybe this'll help
where'd you get that rib ?#there is a whole rack of 'em over there i only ate two
learning is cool#and to make sure we get there super fast i am hitting all the buttons with my palm
although i must admit they know where to stop#we will have to lighten the ship which means one of us has to stay behind bart ? lisa ?
we will have to lighten the ship which means one of us has to stay behind bart ? lisa ?#fine me
do not worry we will be fine#i am saying goodbye to everything i ever loved ooh a marshmallow
i am saying goodbye to everything i ever loved ooh a marshmallow#boy when god closes a door he opens a window (happy eating noises)
oh i feel full enough as it is#i say when we are full you do not wanna piss off a man who can kick you in the crotch from the inside
i say when we are full you do not wanna piss off a man who can kick you in the crotch from the inside#i need a mouth hole and some other holes too
cheer up my chubby inner child i have got a feeling everything's going to work out fine because (starts to sing) i have got you under my skin#i have got you deep in the heart of me
(long scream)#you know black dracula is now a congressman from virginia
simpson#marge i do not want to buy this house i'd have to live next door to myself
marge i do not want to buy this house i'd have to live next door to myself#turn that down
relax we are just lookyloos we are only here to compare our lifestyle to our neighbors#oh c'mon marge it is not fair to compare us to an american household
fridge) ooh a subzero fridge#a slightly colder fridge ? in my lifetime ? amazing
(taking it in) this is the kitchen i have always wanted (notices something) ooh a bread makermaker#and check this out
and check this out#a walkin microwave hey marge can you press stop when my popcorn's done ?
a walkin microwave hey marge can you press stop when my popcorn's done ?#uhoh
(sigh) homie when i married you i knew we would not live in luxury#(proudly) and i kept that vow
but seeing that kitchen today made me wish we had something a little better for ourselves#i will build you a new kitchen sweetie
oh homie that is so thoughtful but maybe we should hire a professional contractor#a contractor ? those guys are the biggest crooks around they charge for materials and labor pick one jerks
a contractor ? those guys are the biggest crooks around they charge for materials and labor pick one jerks#man that hurt and now to do the exact same thing again
maybe you should turn off the power#(rolling eyes) all right
do not demolish along the way#(sullen) fine
(sullen) fine#easy easy
"playdude" magazines ? have you been hiding bosom rags from me ?#(sheepish) trying to (chuckles)
these magazines are from before we were married maybe you should throw them away#but i need them for the articles
i likea to kiss (kissing sounds)#of course not why would i want to look at a nude woman i am not even married to ? i mean i would not even know how she could improve me
(sarcastic) i am not wearing any clothes so why do not i just splay myself on a pool table (annoyed murmur)#steady steady
okay here's your precious articles#thanks marge i can not wait to read about (growing misery) "sport fishing with sonny jurgensen" (loud sobs)
thanks marge i can not wait to read about (growing misery) "sport fishing with sonny jurgensen" (loud sobs)#(bitter) what man would want you now ?
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#there it is nice and smooth i'd like to see your boyfriend the contractor do a better job
i think you used too much plaster#oh now you tell me
i never stopped telling you#(remembering) so that is what that white noise was
thanks for taking the job i am sorry my husband is being so difficult#get lost crook
that is all right mrs simpson many husbands feel emasculated when their wife must turn to a professional to satisfy her remodeling needs#(bitterly) why do not you just kiss her ?
what is the first thing you are gonna make in your new kitchen ?#how 'bout cooking up some money because this stupid kitchen cost a hundred thousand dollars (sobs)
how 'bout cooking up some money because this stupid kitchen cost a hundred thousand dollars (sobs)#i was thinking of chicken wings
i was thinking of chicken wings#(happily) those are good too
bart can you come in here for a second ?#your mother's about to show us her new recipe
("yummy" noise) it is dessert but it is hot dogs so it is good for you#(chews then) marge i do not want to freak you out but i think i love you
oh my god someone somewhere says i am better than someone else#(warmly) i am proud of you honey
listen here simpson your son has been exposing our kids to adult themes unabashed dictionaries and the lesser short fiction of john cheever#adult themes ? what are you talking about ?
ralphie wants to go on the pill#stupid bart (chuckles) bagpipes getting down with an octopus that is classic
(to self) i can not believe my mom would cheat#hey sweetie is mom winning ?
oh she will win the contest but she will lose her soul#but she will still win the contest ?
and lose her soul#but win the contest ?
yes#woohoo if marge becomes auntie ovenfresh we will meet all the food personalities
woohoo if marge becomes auntie ovenfresh we will meet all the food personalities#look it is mister cashew the koobler dwarfs snip crinkle and poof
look it is mister cashew the koobler dwarfs snip crinkle and poof#twinkle the kidd i love you
(dying gurgle)#uhoh
(chanting) blood for creme blood for creme#(chanting angrily) blood for creme blood for creme
bachelors are always squeezin' stuff#would you excuse us milton ?
it is milhouse#yeah and your father's "no house" now scram
yeah and your father's "no house" now scram#maybe i was a little hard on him oh well bart i know a father has no right to pry into the life of his tenyearold son but what is going on up here ?
i am just spreadin' the playdude philosophy hifi's norman mailer gettin' some#uhum what do you think "some" is ?
uh toys ?#(sighs) i thought i'd never have to do this but it is time to tell you the facts of life
(sighs) i thought i'd never have to do this but it is time to tell you the facts of life#(seriously) do you know what a boob is ?
(nodding) oh yeah#good that'll save us some time okay why do you think your mother and i sleep in the same bed ?
because we are poor ?#exactly and we are poor because we have kids and the biological method by which children are created by a man and a woman is
and then the woman (indecipherable details)#well it is better they hear it from me now than from their parents when they are old enough
(hugging lisa) thanks honey for saving me from myself#and marge you will always be the best chef in our house
(unimpressed) bfd i have had your scrambled eggs homer the secret ingredient is whiskey#hey it keeps the kids quiet
dad the kids at school said my butt's big#that is ridiculous honey you are the cutest little girl i know you just have what is known as the simpson butt permit me to elaborate
that is ridiculous honey you are the cutest little girl i know you just have what is known as the simpson butt permit me to elaborate#every simpson starts with a circle daddy has one big circle here then a smaller one up here two big sexy circles for eyes one macho muzzle and a snappy new outfit hm i am lookin' good ooh cuffs yeah and for some reason my hair and ear form an "m" and a "g"
(fart noise)#(girlish) you wanna know a little trick ? to downsize my derrire i just tie a sweater around it
(girlish) you wanna know a little trick ? to downsize my derrire i just tie a sweater around it#see ?
(fearful noise)#(falsetto voice) oh homer you are wasting away to nothing you simply must eat something (homer voice) well you are the boss
(falsetto voice) oh homer you are wasting away to nothing you simply must eat something (homer voice) well you are the boss#(ravenous eating noises) (falsetto voice) oh i love to see my man eat (ravenous eating noises)
there is my hundred  where is my party ?#(scoffs) nice try loser i bet you made up a fake test
nope it is real  check out the watermark#all right
all right#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#ahha here's a mistake it says the capital of kentucky is (skeptical) frankfort (derisive laugh) dream on pal
homer the capital of kentucky is frankfort#really ? (thinks for a moment then) frankfurter is that anything ?
see it is all legit now make with the party#(angrily brandishing test) all right boy which con did you work here ? copy off another kid ? pay attention and take notes ? well take note of this
people please it is a school night#i thought you two broke up
(circling) duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck duck (etc)#oh what is the big deal ? bart did not like his presents so what ? it is not like he gives us such great gifts remember that maple leaf ironed between the sheets of wax paper ? what was that ? that was crap
(murmur) it is not just the presents  the kids do not appreciate me anymore they'd rather hang out with their friends than with their mom#so they are growing up soon they will be leaving the nest and you will have time for yourself hundreds of thousands of hours and then the peace of the grave
next on abc who is dropping by to see george lopez ? (desperate) we pray it is you#(flat) open
i never meant to leave you nelson but uh something awful happened when i went to the store#(satisfied) well that explains a lot who is hungry ?
i wish it were that simple i really do#they are a family again and so are we what happened ?
(hugs bart) sometimes you have to adopt your son's bully in order to bring your own family temporarily closer#and lisa what have you learned ?
nothing like many women i still have an unhealthy obsession with my weight#but talking about the problem is the first step towards the solution right ?
i guess but there is a long way to go#(impatient noise) c'mon say something conclusive
i am afraid this is a very openended problem#(moans) openended (sobs) c'mon lisa say everything's fine (imitating lisa) everything's fine
that was you#prove it (chuckles)
(entering) perhaps if you wrap it in a slice of cheese#(entering) woo hoo free cheese
homer that was for the dog#what is happened to us marge ? we used to feed each other cheese and laugh all night then came the heart attacks
it is a media circus#woo hoo the circus
(correcting) a media circus#woo hoo i do not know the difference
i did not think anyone successful came from springfield#(indignant) what about that twoheaded goat ?
technically he was born in shelbyville#yes but he came here to die
yes but he came here to die#one of you ate tin cans one of you ate health food how you solved crimes i will never know
(sincere) you are successful too mom you made a chore wheel that is both fair and wise#marge i figured out a way we can get in on this quimby lawsuit bart go ahead
(quimbylike) mayah quimby is my er ah fathah give me one million dollahs#(big smile) huh ? huh ?
homer simpson#(like child) i sawed you on the television
i remember you from high school you barfed in my tuba#(indignant) i believe it was the school's tuba
int simpson dining room  later)#chloe these kebabs you made are as good or better than anything i have ever had at this table
(hurt) homer#oh marge i am just being polite
i got the recipe for these in istanbul#more (more ravenous eating noises)
you know chloe some of us stayed in this town and made it a better place#oh come on marge the only reason we do not move out of this dunghill is because of my courtordered ankle bracelet
oh come on marge the only reason we do not move out of this dunghill is because of my courtordered ankle bracelet#i am here i am here quit buggin' me
homer why do you always have to show that to company ?#it is a conversation starter
this is the dance the chinese government makes dissidents perform before they shoot them (chinese singsong noises)#(chinese singsong noises)
(sharply) homer what are you doing ?#i swallowed a chicken bone
oh i have had a few flings (coughspeaks "bill clinton") (coughspeaks "schwarzenegger") excuse me but not all of us can be as lucky as you marge  homer's a wonderful man#(chinese singsong noises)
did you just swallow another bone ?#(in pain) same one
oh mom do not feel bad everybody appreciates your (checks watch) uhoh i am late for my dinner with chloe (giggles)#good news marge
good news marge#i have learned to walk naked on stilts
(disappointed murmur)#(teetering noises)
chloe has such an amazing life (sighs) i wonder what would have happened if i'd stuck with journalism#oh honey her life can not compare to yours you have got three kids a tv tray from expo sixtyseven and you are married to king stink (gestures to self)
(not reassured) yeah i guess#marge listen to me chloe may have a flashy job but you are the backbone of this family you are like the electrical tape that holds the two halves of my car together
that is a sweet thought homie#i just hate to see you upset honey (snaps fingers) you know what would be a good name for maggie ? chloe
(struggling noises)#ladies (chuckle) there is no need to fight over me
no one's fighting over you#oh well then carry on
homer we have gotta get lisa#all right but while i am gone boy you think about what you did
(with difficulty) what did i do ?#you uh
you uh#why you little need a reason for strangling do ya i will fix your wagon
i do not see lisa in any of the seminars#and i am growing ashamed of my penis
(shocked) she is taken my daughter to an erupting volcano ? that is it she is off the christmas card list#marge that is crazy talk now look i will save lisa your place is here with the women
booo#okay you go save lisa i will stay here with the women
booo#(anguished) what do women want ?
(gasps) we have gotta go now#okay i will run as fast as i can but i am full of potato salad (turns and groans)
anybody i know#chief my daughter's up there you are a father too
mom i wanna be just like you i mean the lava part not saving lisa#pretend to care
miss lucy went to heaven and the steamboat went to#(big worried gasp)
(smiling) hello operator#(quick relieved sigh)
get me number nine / and if you disconnect me / i will chop off your be#(bigger worried gasp)
hind the 'fridgerator#(relieved) whew
there was a piece of glass / miss lucy sat upon it / and it cut her big fat#(big fainting gasp)
(shrugs) no harm done#i would not say that
i am not gonna grow up#oh yes you are why in the right light you are starting to get your own muzzle
i thought it was chocolate milk#(sagely) yeah that is how it starts
well i like tshirts with a nice joke like "support our troops"#bart's shirt is a classic marge just like "keep on truckin'" as if i would ever want to stop truckin'
int simpson house  living room  day)#(proud) i have been reading this magazine for years but i never dreamed my son would be on the cover (satisfied smile)
ooh#(delighted) you broke in
we are big fans mr gladwell#yeah nothing makes parents happier than when an eccentric single man takes an interest in their child
(ooh's and ah's)#look at all that cash
(sputters) bolshevism sheer bolshevism ripe for the quashing#(waking up noises)
and on your way out remove all the fillings you got under our dental plan#you know what mr burns ? i am never comin' back my son's making so much cash in the tshirt game that i do not have to work another day in my life  assuming my health does not deteriorate as i age
the change magician will change your life for the better (quickly) results may vary machine does not actually sort change (back to normal) order today#(gasp then) bart can i ask you an important question ?
(weary) how much ?#twentynine ninetynine
(sighs) here's fifty#woo hoo
that is your donut money too mister#(kidlike moan)
int gilded truffle restaurant  day)#lenny carl how ya doin' ?
(bitterly) hey homer how is retirement ?#it is awesome you know what i have gotten into ? sleeping 'til noon
some of us have to get up for work tomorrow#hey just 'cause i am not working does not mean i can not gripe like you guys do not you hate it when people steal your lunch out of the breakroom fridge ?
yeah well enjoy the autumn of your years jerk#oh i see what is goin' on you can not stand to be around a guy who is got total financial independence
(walking up) your bill sir#no problem (loud whisper) bart i need two hundred dollars
(examining bill) dad the bill's only a hundred#(loud whisper) i broke some bathroom fixtures
pathetic#i am pathetic ? (indignant) because i take money from my tenyearold son ? (loud) well let me tell you something i still call the shots around here
homer use your inside voice#i do not have an inside voice
these toothy tarzanmunchers have a rigid hierarchy with a single alphamale ruling the pride#(loud lionish yawn)
until a younger more aggressive lion challenges his power#(very scared noise)
(very scared noise)#(moans) the couch is like that tree
or find inclusion in the tribe by caring for vulnerable young cubs#lisa basic cable said i should nurture you
(pleased) great (thinks) will you play malibu stacy with me ?#okay you be the girl and i will be the car
done and done (as malibu stacy) i am going to the organic market#(loud race car noises screeches machine gun fire sirens) screw the market we are going to mexico
wheeee (more giggles)#it is el flanderito run him down
i can not run i am wearing flipflops#hey what is that dealy ?
it shows the history of nuclear physics from marie curie's laboratory to a scale model of the first nuclear reactor#oh you will win for sure you and science go together like lenny and carl (beat) the science is carl
hush my pet now let us gather our rosebuds while we may#(creepedout shudder)
a robot ? last year the winner was a jar of owl pellets (sad gasp) i do not have a chance now#honey all you need's a little help from your dad remember i did used to work at a science factory
well we are supposed to do this without parental help#sweetie that is orphan talk
(gruff) did he have a passport ?#(frustrated noise) stupid atomic pile how hard could it be to build a reactor ? korea did it and look at the quality of their animation
hm what to do what to do ?#(getting idea) hey maybe the internet has the information i need it certainly answered a lot of my questions about wang enhancement
(getting idea) hey maybe the internet has the information i need it certainly answered a lot of my questions about wang enhancement#"wwwnuclearsecretscom"
"wwwnuclearsecretscom"#(reading) "are you a terrorist ?" (types) no (reading) "would you like to meet someone special but are tired of the bar scene ?" (thinks then types) no i will never tire of the bar scene
(reading) "are you a terrorist ?" (types) no (reading) "would you like to meet someone special but are tired of the bar scene ?" (thinks then types) no i will never tire of the bar scene#let's see i can make that you can get that by smashing open a golf ball that you can find in any player piano
let's see i can make that you can get that by smashing open a golf ball that you can find in any player piano#all i need is some plutonium (realizes) and i know just the place to get it
dad ?#(playful) upbupbupbupbup do not look
dad what did you do ?#sweetie your daddy's gonna show you just how much he loves you you know that nonfunctioning nuclear reactor you built ?
(concerned) yes#i juiced it up a little (sneaky chuckle)
dad that could explode#oh that is madiculous
homer i want you to get that gamma radiating what isit out of my home#(grumbling) i never complain about your frilly pillows
ext springfield street  day)#what is the matter boy ?
(near tears) goose gladwell ripped me off and there is nothin' i can do about it i am just a stupid kid (sobs)#son when you grew up i grew down but now i can see you need your dad more than ever
(walking up) and homer i can see you need me more than ever#get back in the garage old man
but there is spiders in the boxes#stay out of my boxes
int "goose's gags and gifts"  goose's office  day)#you give my son what he deserves or i will knock you on your delightfully offbeat ass
the things i saw there are what made me (singsong) crazy#(grimly) sir this is a class two plutonium fission reactor if i turn this dial
(grimly) sir this is a class two plutonium fission reactor if i turn this dial#the resulting blast would destroy the entire tricity area including that guy who sells those blublocker sunglasses people sometimes wear
the resulting blast would destroy the entire tricity area including that guy who sells those blublocker sunglasses people sometimes wear#damn him to hell
you can not be serious#are you prepared to take that chance ?
okay okay here's all the money i have got#not so fast i also want (looking around store) some dribble glasses fake boobs two of bart's tshirts and that rapping toilet seat
not so fast i also want (looking around store) some dribble glasses fake boobs two of bart's tshirts and that rapping toilet seat#yo yo yo keep it on the low flow
yo yo yo keep it on the low flow#(chuckles) i am hangin' this over the mantel
thanks dad#well i am just glad we are back to me being the father and you being the son
are you sure that thing could really explode ?#oh i doubt it but we will let the seagulls at the dump figure it out
on the plus side this rope is mighty soft hm touch it kids#(loud) party party party
homer these are people you work with show some restraint#(louder) restraint restraint restraint (loud wolf howl)
(louder) restraint restraint restraint (loud wolf howl)#lighten up marge this is my chance to relax with people from work i never get to see like this guy (points)
i am your supervisor#really ? how'm i doin' ?
ext air museum  later)#nice tux moe
yeah thanks i bought this for my funeral it ain't got no back so do not make me turn around#("so it does" noise)
aviation museum audiovisual materials have taken patrons and docents alike on a rocket ride to comprehension this is the story of those materials#hey it is a guy in a goofy burns head
hey it is a guy in a goofy burns head#act like burns
act like burns#(laughs happily) that is him to a t
here we have a vintage film of the original springfield wing walkers including our own agnes skinner#wow a wooden plane it is about time trees were good for something instead of just standing there like jerks
i flew it at an altitude of six feet for a distance of fourandahalf feet then we discovered rain makes it catch fire then the fhrer fired me#(eating noises then) what a magical party this has been mr burns is a great man
(skeptical) i have got a bad feeling about all of this#c'mon marge this place is great free admission great grub and we got to use the bathroom of the future
is your sense of outrage dulled ?#(happily) spill it superboss
now that mr burns has eliminated the drug plan we are gonna have to cut back on our diseases#i will get a second job one that pays well you think those guys on "friends" need another friend ?
that show is gone off the air#dammit i would've been perfect as rachel's irish cousin (irish voice) so you are all doing each other are ya ? well who is going to put out for old seamus ?
ext springfield employment agency  day)#i need a new job that provides full health benefits
(nods) uhhuh# as long as i only work five hours a day no heavy lifting no light clerical none of that secret santa crap tasteful nudity
(deep profound) you have defeated the doombot and sealed the portal phobos is safe#phobos ? that is a good job for me
(sadly) mine flew away#i declare that you have the most beautiful brown eyes
i have got the answer#dad ?
now listen all the drugs we want are right across the border i have a friend who'll help us#the border eh ? then i'd better sand off my fingerprints
the border eh ? then i'd better sand off my fingerprints#(agonized moan then)
(agonized moan then)#i could just wear gloves nah they are upstairs
i could just wear gloves nah they are upstairs#(agonized moan)
int homer's car  day)#hola seor we are gringos who wish to spend mucho dinero in your country
splendid welcome to canada#(annoyed grunt)
ext springfield retirement castle  next day)#(calling out singsong) drugs various drugs be sure to read instructions (still singsong) uhoh where'd i put the instructions ?
int simpson living room  day)#marge ? bart ? lisa ?
aloha#wow this is just like hawaii but you do not get beaten up if you leave the hotel what gives ?
(proudly) my dad the drug mule#(gagging noises then) oh man i need something to settle my stomach
(gagging noises then) oh man i need something to settle my stomach#oh wait i was supposed to take these with food
oh look it is mr homer my favorite customer please feel free to paw through my playdudes and tell me to go back to some country i am not actually from#why the sweet talk apu ? (suspicious) are you after some cheap drugs ?
help me out homer my little roddy needs his insulin breaks my heart to watch him jonesdiddlyownsing#flanders ? i do not know i mean you have not done anything for me since you lent me that five thousand bucks yesterday
i do not claim to be the perfect neighbor#hold on we are just innocent tourists
if you let us come i will give you ten minutes alone with my squishee machine do what you will#no cameras ?
(pointedly) well where is your superteam now ?#(angry) listen you two i will tell you who the true god is if you are both quiet the rest of the trip
(simultaneous) but the infinite beauty / but the bible says#all right i am comin' back there
today mounties busted a major american drug smuggling ring former us astronaut homer simpson was taken into custody#(moans) my butt looks so huge during perp walks
thank god we did not stitch your name over the breast#dad you tried your best for the first time in my life i can say without being drunk that i truly admire you
i just wish we could make one last big score but we could never drive past the border patrol#(thoughtful) there are other ways to get into canada
(thoughtful) there are other ways to get into canada#that is it a plane
smuggle drugs in a plane ? that'll never work#sure it will all we need is a pilot
i have got everything you need#katharine hepburn ?
(scoffing) typical canadian wimpiness that is why you have snowballs and we have the h bomb#we really appreciate your help johnny is there any way we can repay ya ?
well i have always wanted to see a man with the iq of a child executed by the state we do not get that up here#really ? in america we do it four times a week you come on down and i will get us front row seats
we are losing altitude time to dump all unnecessary weight#do not dump me out i can lose weight just give me a chance
do not dump me out i can lose weight just give me a chance#one two (giving up) eh i'd rather die
it is no use we have got to make an emergency landing#well at least we are all in this together
ext plane  later)#we will make it dad on a wing and a prayer
we will make it dad on a wing and a prayer#dammit
int simpson house  day)#great news honey burns made me a freelance consultant
great news honey burns made me a freelance consultant#(worried) hey what is this lump ?
now before we eat let's remember what we are celebrating today  after many years of hard work your father finally paid off the mortgage#see you in hell document
way to build equity#now remember to eat smart people go for the fancy foods  do not let 'em fill you up with that cheap stuff
a roll sir ?#screw you
oatmeal ?#(gasp) smoked salmon shrimp crab legs
(gasp) smoked salmon shrimp crab legs#(bloated) i win (woozy maniacal laugh)
how rude what do i have to do to enjoy a sunday brunch with my secret other family ?#i have never been so embarrassed and the worst part is this is brunch so you have ruined two meals (stands up) i will see you all at lupper (storms out)
int moe's tavern  day)#why did i ever have kids ? i could have written symphonies or been shakespeare (moans)
(tough guy) i would not drink that from the looks of this place it might kill you#(sarcastic) oh who are you the health inspector ?
o danny boy the pipes the pipes are calling / from glen to glen and down the mountain side / the summer's gone and all the roses falling / 'tis you 'tis you must go and i must bide#moe's a tribute "m" is for moe the owner of moe's "o" is for the "o" in the middle of moe's "e" is for acceptance the feeling i always got here at moe's (breaking down) oh moe do not let 'em close you down
(shrugs) hey a beer's a beer#i can not go to a gay bar i am too fat moe i am gonna help you reopen your bar no matter what it takes
mr simpson for a loan this big you will have to put up your house as collateral#(crestfallen)  marge ?
(crestfallen)  marge ?#(distraught) put up my house ? but i just paid it off what would marge say ?
do whatever you have to do to save moe's i love my homie#okay honey i will do it
thanks homer no one's ever trusted me before  except for that one guy who should not have#that was me
homer those kookoobirds at the bank goofed up and sent us a mortgage statement#marge how dare you open a letter addressed to both of us ?
m631700000642j ? this is a new loan tracking number  you got a new mortgage ?#i had to or moe's would stay closed forever
(furious) you gave the money to moe ? how is he gonna pay us back ?#look look i can see you are upset if you need me i will be at moe's
well maybe i will go to moe's too seeing as i am now part owner#marge you can not go with me to moe's i mean how would you like it if i came with you to your mother's ?
i would like it you never come to my mother's#(explaining) that is because i hate her
int nuclear plant  another area  day)#(relieved sigh) just made it
ext moe's  later)#boy i can not wait to get my lips around an ice cold
i am here protecting our investment i'd like you to go home and make dinner for the kids#but i do not wanna take care of the kids (getting idea then playing dumb) um how many cigars are they allowed to have ? bart sleeps in the microwave right ?
quit playing dumb#how many magic beans should i sell the baby for ? three ? (stupidly) duh der duh that is me jerkass homer duh der doy
come on go home#(sad moan)
and they seem awfully chummy#(suspicious) just what are you inferring ?
i am not inferring anything you infer i imply#(happily) whew that is a relief
get lost rummy (laughs)#(rubbing head) ah yes detroitstyle very nice (changing subject) so you have been at moe's every night this week
i know i used to think of moe as a scabby deadeyed hunchback but now that i have gotten to know him we kind of bonded#(shocked) bonded ? (hurt) how many times ?
homer moe and i are just work friends you and i are marriage friends#thanks honey my mind is completely at ease
hey also i wanna#(through puckered lips) well i might as well use this pucker for something
int theater  continuous)#oh marge do not you love it when our hands meet in the popcorn tub ?
howdy partner why do not you sit next to us ?#(grumpy) hey moe have not seen you in a while
uh yeah how ya doin' there homer ? did you ever pass that gi joe you swallowed ?#(taken aback) how do you know about that ?
oh marge told me we share everything#you do ?
somethin' wrong homer ?#well i am worried about marge and moe they have developed an intimate bond of thoughts and feelings completely separate from me but it is not physical so everything's great right ?
homer it is time you learned the sad truth#can i learn it at a happy place ?
although there is no physical intimacy there is a deep spiritual connection that threatens to destroy your marriage#(anguished) what do i do ?
engage her feelings become her friend ooh get her a life magazine from the week she was born i will always treasure mine#you are absolutely right (stands up in log) stop this ride
int simpson house  bedroom  late night)#(a little overenthusiastic) marge my darling thank god you are home i have been dying to hear your feelings
oh i am too tired to talk#(seductive) well i can go all night baby i could listen to you two maybe three times
homie i am tired i have to get up early to catch my flight#catch your flight ?
cuckold cuckold cuckold#(worried) what is a cuckold ?
where is mom going with uncle moe ?#he is only your emotional uncle i am your real uncle
well if hollywood movies have taught us anything it is that troubled relationships can be completely patched up by a mad dash to the airport#i am off
int homer's car  traveling  day)#hang on marge homie's comin' i will not let that man make you happy
hang on marge homie's comin' i will not let that man make you happy#(anguished moan)
simpson you were going a hundred in a twentyfive zone and you are not gonna flirt your way outta this one#but i have to get to the airport to save my marriage
ext plane  continuous)#you gotta get me closer chief
just say you love me marge love me like i love you (sincere) please ?#marge
homer how'd you get in here ?#(offhand) toilet hole
(offhand) toilet hole#you leave my wife alone
you do not deserve her you know nothin' about marge  what is her favorite food ?#uh ice ?
(shrugs) he is right#oh it is true i do not know marge at all (sadly) i will just go home now
shut it shut it (etc)#(sadly) moe you have won i will see you at baggage claim
homie#marge i just wanna say if you ever feel like cheating on moe here's my card
homer i made a vow on our wedding day to stay by you  for better or worse and besides i love you you are my homiewomieromiedomie#and you are my margiewargiebargiefargiegargiemargietargieglargie
int hotel room  night)#listen i gotta tell ya i chew in my sleep
love love will keep us together#think of me babe whenever / some sweet talking guy in a thong / hands you a bong / do not take
think of me babe whenever / some sweet talking guy in a thong / hands you a bong / do not take#you better be strong
you would better stop#'cause i want a sandwich
i said stop#or maybe a manwich
(sadly) i used to love springfield park but it is gotten so run down#(moans) oh the prid is gone
step right up and bid on items donated by local businesses#(checks wallet) oh i have only got a hundred dollars i'd better bid shrewdly
first up is this video camera#(waving cash) one hundred dollars
sold#dammit (moans) i never win anything ooh here's something i am good at
fat wad i love it#easy gentle
me too here's some guy's wallet#i am number one i beat my son victory is mine so kiss my behind
i am number one i beat my son victory is mine so kiss my behind#boon chacalacala / (riffing dancing grunts/blowing raspberries) / in your face / (adlibs) my son flips frogs like a girl yeah aboom aba a who is your daddy ? (etc)
hey homer do fries come with that shake ?#sure do
sure do#(more crazy noises) i am happy
ext simpson house  front yard  day)#stupid internet whole world laughing at me
basta basta takea my picture with the internet marmalukea#(gorillalike yells)
(gorillalike yells)#the internet wasn't created for mockery it was supposed to help researchers at different universities share data sets it was
fivetime rushing leader twotime mvp and star of a disney channel movie i played the gentle giant "stayoffdrugsia"#(resigned) i know why you are here you wanna see me humiliate myself with my stupid dance well fine (dances sadly)
wrong#(sad dancing noises)
i wanna buy the rights to that dance for a thousand dollars#woo hoo but why ?
my workmanlike touchdowns never make the highlight reel but if i add your shameless shenanigans i will be on espn every night#you wanna do my dance after you score ?
you damn straight and i will buy any other dances you got too#woohoo
i will show myself out#(taunting) "l" is for "loser" which describes you sir do not try to stop me just enjoy the view sir
(writing) "the view sir" then show ass got it#honey i bet you are wondering why daddy's not at work again the answer may surprise you i have a new job choreographing end zone dances for a professional football player
looks like all you are teaching is obnoxiousness and poor sportsmanship#do not forget showboating that is the cornerstone of my "pyramid of success"
do not forget showboating that is the cornerstone of my "pyramid of success"#ooh i forgot crotch grabbing that'll be the sun
ext large football stadium  establishing)#after you prance across the goal line you hurl the other team's mascot to the ground and drive your cleats into his neck
ext springfield aztec theater  night)#(sotto) you are goin' down you potatoeatin' pansy
ext football stadium  stands  continuous)#y'ello
homer this is lebron james the fans love my dunks but they hate my dancin'#i think i can fit you in let's see
i think i can fit you in let's see#lenny can i move you from wednesday at noon to sunday at six ?
homer you know that is when i play with neighborhood dogs#all right all right i will work it out
ext simpson back yard  day)#welcome to the "homer simpson showboating academy"
welcome to the "homer simpson showboating academy"#today we are working on poor sportsmanship
today we are working on poor sportsmanship#first i want you to hurl a ball at the nearest authority figure
first i want you to hurl a ball at the nearest authority figure#nicely done
but first the world of sports continues its downward march into the gutter#(chuckles) this is either about me or steroids
int simpson living room  continuous)#(chuckles) i am the worst thing to happen to sports since fox
homer simpson we work for the commissioner of football and he wants to see you#i wanna see him too maybe he can tell me how to get this off
i wanna see him too maybe he can tell me how to get this off#it soaked through to the other side
we want you to produce this year's super bowl halftime show#(stunned) wow at last my pathetic little life has a meaning (chuckles) you suckers i would have done it for free
fine do it for free#dammit well i will still do it (chuckles) you suckers i would have paid you
fine pay us#dammit will you take a check ?
no#dammit
i now pronounce you pac man and wife#(moans) every single super bowl halftime show has been great
oh homie do not worry i am sure you will come up with a great idea#i do not know it is a lot of pressure (nervous laugh) do many people watch the super bowl ?
(excited) billions#(loud anguished sobs)
we are ready for rehearsal mr simpson so what do we do ?#(into megaphone) uh uh (turns) oh man i have no idea what i am going
ext springfield streets  late night)#i wonder if other super bowl producers waited until three in the morning the night before to plan their halftime shows
i wonder if other super bowl producers waited until three in the morning the night before to plan their halftime shows#a church maybe the homeless people sleeping on the floor will have some ideas
int first church of springfield  a minute later)#(sits down) flanders eh i guess you have got some late night problems too
yeah i made a great film but i am havin' trouble gettin' it out there i am like michael moore except i am skinny my jeans are washed and god loves me (sighs) i just wish i could find some way to spread my message#have you tried checking the oil filter ?
are you even listening to me ?#(oblivious) sure i'd be happy to tell you my problem i have got a venue the whole world will be watching and nothing to fill it with
wait a minute  you have got a medium and i have got a message maybe god brought us together for a reason#yeah you help me and i in turn am helped by you
frank went to the men's room i am joe#we now take you back through the ages to a time before tv before cowboys before dinosaurs the time of the bible
we now take you back through the ages to a time before tv before cowboys before dinosaurs the time of the bible#the children of god once lived according to their father's laws
the children of god once lived according to their father's laws#but then a shadow of wickedness fell across the land as represented by this cloud of white pesticide
but then a shadow of wickedness fell across the land as represented by this cloud of white pesticide#but there was one righteous man noah
noah#(into mic stagy) oh mighty god send a flood to destroy this wickedness
not in here i do not#(into mic) after forty days and forty nights the rains stopped and noah sent forth a single dove
(upset) you see ? you see ?#(sadly) i thought america was hungry for meaning i should have just sent a crocodile into space like i originally planned (moan)
that was a good day too#welcome to the "homer simpson showboating academy"
welcome to the "homer simpson showboating academy"#today we are working on poor sportsmanship
but i like to stand for good sportsmanship#quiet you
and with time running out the seminoles are on the warpath#go seminoles (indian chanting) coverthepointspread coverthepointspread
stay tuned for sitcom sunday#(puzzled noise) where is the remote this is not a drill people
i think he swallowed the remote#barf for your master (squeezes)
barf for your master (squeezes)#lousy americanmade dog
lousy americanmade dog#(moans) why must i be so voluptuous ?
(moans) why must i be so voluptuous ?#(defeated moan)
(menacing) ooh time to make you pretty#(being made up noises)
a little more color#how do i look ?
how do i look ?#after my makeover i am gonna get you boy
dad can i go to a rap concert ? tickets are fifty dollars#(offhand) go to hell
okay what if i pay for it myself ?#("what do i care ?") fine go nuts
i love you dad#(absentminded) i love you too jerry (sips beer)
oh did he ? homer you tell your son a rap show is not a safe place for a tenyearold#son your mother makes a very loud point
(cutting him off) but you said i could go if i paid for the ticket#boy let me explain the situation in terms you will understand
boy let me explain the situation in terms you will understand#you did it on the straight got your dad's permission / but your mom dropped a bomb so i flipped my position
fresh frfrfresh for mommy's baby boy#baby boy baby boy bababababy boy
here you go you little yellow cracker (to others) now let's go murder our enemies peace#bart's gone i checked everywhere
that little sneak disobeyed us and went to that hiphop festival#if that is true he is gonna be like nwa  not without asswelts
(swallows) well time to face my punishment like a man (gets idea) or lie my way out of it like a kid#(scared) a flying rock call a geologist
(growing alarm) "we have kidnapped your son follow instructions and bart will not be harmed"#(moans) "follow instructions ?" he is doomed
(moans) "follow instructions ?" he is doomed#(sobs) this'll be the worst thanksgiving dinner ever
thanksgiving's not for months#the bad news keeps on coming (sobs)
int simpson house  kitchen  later)#(answering phone) y'ello ?
(into tube) do what i say and bart will not get hurt#(into phone) oh yeah ? send a finger wrapped in today's paper to prove you have him
homer#i know what i am doing (into phone) you can use any section of the paper except metro it is a big snooze
(kisses him three times) oh bart i am so glad you are okay#oh son taking your tombstone back to the store will be the happiest thing i have ever done
(gasp) a shirt from that rap concert (thinks) bart must've gone to the show but that means#bart was never kidnapped lisa i am very glad you brought me this i will see that it gets to the proper authorities
dad ? why did you do that ?#hollywood producers have paid me a fortune which i have already lost for the rights to bart's story so i have to destroy anything that proves that story's not true
why did you burn up your shirt ?#(stagy) what shirt ? i do not see any shirt
(stagy) what shirt ? i do not see any shirt#(crazed) burn the truth burn the truth
all right people we got a situation here (points to homer) your daughter's gonna blow our whole deal sky high#(cocky) you leave maggie to me
no lisa#(suddenly panicked) not her she will hunt us down relentlessly  like a bloodhound mixed with a student loan officer
wait before we go i took the liberty of making these embroidered conspiracy jackets for all of us#wow those jackets are beautiful
wait a minute why do we have to come clean ? nobody's been hurt everyone's happier with the lie#(dreamily) the lie is love
wait just a minute#(shaking fist) love the lie
that is a very noble sentiment lisa but for once in your life can not you just be cool ?#yeah be cool like us
yeah be cool like us#coolee coolee cool c'mon fool be coolee coolee cool
coolee coolee cool c'mon fool be coolee coolee cool#(scared noise)
dad i do not understand after all the corruption and deceit we have witnessed how can everyone just party ?#lisa the world is a very complicated place and when you get right down to it cannonball
i hope this bad publicity does not affect tourism#eh who needs tourists ? they never buy my maps to stars' homes anyway
eh who needs tourists ? they never buy my maps to stars' homes anyway#have you read them all ? okay good
lovejoy's an idiot  his church is giving up hot gobs of gay green he could get two hundred bucks a couple#two hundred bucks a couple eh ?
two hundred bucks a couple eh ?#(excited) hey i gotta get in on this these people have rights the right to buy me a sixtytwo inch tv
ext simpson house  day)#now begins the long and spiritual journey to becoming an ordained minister
now begins the long and spiritual journey to becoming an ordained minister#let's see "name" (types) "homer simpson"
you are now an ordained minister#now to answer all the popups ooh a talking moose wants my credit card number that is only fair (types)
int garage/chapel  continuous)#and do you julio take thad to be your lawful wedded life partner in massachusetts and vermont maybe canada stay outta texas as long as you both are gay ?
i do#it brings me great joy to unite two such loving people photo mouse pads for sale out back
ext simpson house  evening)#okay what is next ? adam and steve or madam and eve ?
homer you married every gay couple in town#hey what can i say ? i love love
well all you can do now is wait for some other guys to turn#(getting idea) hm where is lenny and carl ?
do not you push them they have gotta work that out for themselves#(disappointed noise) but i am only two hundred dollars short of fourteen thousand eight hundred dollars
well what about people of the opposite sex who want to get married ?#opposite ? yuck
i mean a man and a woman#hm well maybe marriage is not just for gays what is that thing called when a guy is gay for a girl ?
straight#(mocking) ooh look at me i am straight as a one dollar bill la de da ooh
ext simpson garage/chapel  day)#do you cletus take brandine to be
do you cletus take brandine to be#wait a minute are you two brother and sister ?
reverend simpson#please kent call me your holiness
i can not i just can not homer have we started down a slippery slope where marriage becomes so meaningless that anyone could marry anything ?#oh kent not anything it has to exist (strokes chin) or does it ?
well call me old fashioned but i believe that marriage described in the bible#if you love the bible so much why do not you marry it ? in fact i now pronounce you and the bible man and wife and you are the wife (chuckles then all business) you owe me two hundred bucks
homer your impulsive marriages are gonna lead to a lot of divorces#which will lead to a lot more impulsive marriages which will put more green in the blue the blue being my pants
(to homer) hey saturated fats i came to ask you a favor#lemme get my belt sander maybe i can grind the ugly off your face
very funny#i wasn't joking
oh no no no no i am just surprised#yeah big surprise hey marge here's another bomb i like beer (laughs)
(enormous spittakes)#marge i'd be a lot more worried about me leaving you for a sausage patty than your sister patty (huge laughs)
marge i'd be a lot more worried about me leaving you for a sausage patty than your sister patty (huge laughs)#(screams)
(forced) oh no oh no why would it be ? i love you and i love gay marriage so i'd be a superhypocrite if i did not love your gay marriage right ?#now patty here's a veil i picked out just for you
it smells like cheeseburgers#give it back
is this one of those reality deals where a guy gets a million bucks for marrying aunt patty ? but they have to honeymoon in a box full of snakes ?#son that is the stupidest idea i ever heard and i know exactly who would pay top dollar for it
as opposed to you who grabbed the first blimp that floated by#correction the first blimp that got her pregnant
(sincere) seriously dad i am worried you should go on a diet#why you little
why you little#save my place
it was so romantic  like a scene from a hollywood movie#yeah "bride of the monster"
yeah "bride of the monster"#(screams runs around)
marge if you can find it in your heart to accept me for who i am i would love to see you at the ceremony if not i will see you at homer's funeralwhich should be pretty soon#got him (realizing) uhoh
selma we will always be there for each other i do not know about marge though if she does not show up todayi have no nonidentical sister#oh lord please help me say the right words this afternoon as i consecrate another gay union that angers you so
oh lord please help me say the right words this afternoon as i consecrate another gay union that angers you so#and please let thy holy spirit open the heart of my wife amen
i just can not believe my sister would keep me in the dark all these years then expect complete acceptance on the day she gets married#(wolf whistle) you handsome devil someday they will let you and me get married can you imagine the children ?
int simpson garage  day)#queerly beloved we are here to join veronica and patty in matrimony but the news is not all good they have written their own vows patty ?
truthful honest hiding nothing#next
at last i have found the yin to my yin#if anyone knows a reason why these two should not be joined let them speak now or forever hold their peace
i knew it you think everyone in the world should have a big dumb man like you#people please can we wrap this up ? it is gonna rain and i have gotta get the bikes in here (gestures to garage/chapel)
well i have learned a lesson just because you are a lesbian it does not make you less of a bein'#patty i admire your decision it takes courage to follow your heart and walk out on a nonrefundable wedding ceremony so i am gonna waive the rose petal removal fee and prorate the cakehandling surcharge
ext springfield  sprawl*mart store  day)#oh i just love it here so many things and so many things of each thing
gnoooooo mes#(very sad) oh dad how i will miss your cap your walking stick your plaster base
i am down here you idiot#(tossing gnome) dad where is your base ?
do not worry about that someone's gotta greet the customers#eh they will be fine
int sprawl*mart  continuous)#welcome to sprawl*mart (to squeakyvoiced teen) pimple cream in aisle five (to bumblebee man) buenos nachos  ask about our seor discount (to rabbi krustofsky) hey rabbi jesus loves ya (chuckle) just kidding
son you are on fire a million times better than that worthless old coot you replaced#(indignant) that coot happens to be my father (friendly) please continue
how would you like to be a fulltime sprawl*mart greeter ?#is there a chance for advancement ?
no#woo hoo no pressure
yes the clerk also gave me this bench warrant for dad's arrest#(furious) aw dammit (pockets papers as he calmly says to wiggum) chief how are we supposed to live with our kids constantly separated ?
(to wiggum) how am i supposed to know if i am twenty feet away ?#(soothingly) do not worry son  no one's gonna make you count to twenty i have a more humane solution
(soothingly) do not worry son  no one's gonna make you count to twenty i have a more humane solution#this twentyfoot pole will make bart's restraining order ohsoeasy to enforce and i used my sprawl*mart employee discount to buy this fancy pole cover (holds up cover) it will keep your pole looking great poke after poke after poke
(pained noise) homer why did you put the screwdriver at the end ?#show you what it is like in the real world
i like eating here with you dad especially without (imitating bart) "do not have a cow man"#(chuckles) yeah he is all (imitates bart) "cowabunga dude" (chuckle normal voice) what is that mean ? nothing i bet
homer would you be interested in the position of executive greeter ?#woo hoo that is been my dream ever since i heard it existed right now what do i get ?
you get to work overtime without us paying you extra#i will not do it
if you do not we will ship you right back to mexico#but i am a us citizen
uhhuh (threatening) how sure of that are you ?#dios mio
ext simpson house  back yard  that night)#sorry boy this is the only place that is two hundred feet from lisa but still on our property
int store  continuous)#hey why'd you lock the door ? we are still inside
(outside store) it is a chance for you to catch up on all the work i am assigning you now#i have never worked all night never and i worked at an allnight diner for three years (explaining) i slept on the grill
see this ? it is the bathroom key (swallows it) see you in the morning#you monster
you monster#(long anguished moan)
we placed a compliance chip in the back of your neck during the company physical (laughs)#that is it mister i am disgruntled and up until now i was relatively gruntled
that is it mister i am disgruntled and up until now i was relatively gruntled#i did it i pulled it out and with no brain damageamageamageamageamageamage
i did it i pulled it out and with no brain damageamageamageamageamageamage#now we will get all your chips out go to the police and shut this place down
homer we took our chips out years ago#really ? then why do you still work here ?
i hope you will not judge us harshly#i will be back for tall kitchen bags
i will be back for tall kitchen bags#(maniacal laugh)
homer you forgot to eat your hot dog#mmm hot dog
mmm hot dog#(scream of agony)
(scream of agony)#(scream of agony)
(giggles)#(scream of agony) i just do not understand what the problem is
what the hell's menopause ?#(explaining as if to child) son menopause is when the stork that brings babies gets shot by drunken hunters
(murmurs then) it is a natural process that women of a certain age go through#and it is something to be feared  right doctor ?
(shrugs) i did not want to get pregnant and lose my looks#(stifled laugh)
do not cry sweetie everything's gonna be all right#come on kids we should go goodbye selma
(under sheet) i am not dead idiot#i know that was for the other patients
i know that was for the other patients#(quick pained noise) my thingies
do not give up aunt selma china has thousands of baby girls who need adoption#great another job lost to a foreigner
int nuclear plant  cafeteria  day)#i just felt a chill go through my very soul
ext airplane  flying  day)#how about that selma flying all of us to china for no apparent reason ?
how about that selma flying all of us to china for no apparent reason ?#and how 'bout me getting off work by saying i am teaching math skills to inner city youths yes there are many kinds of heroes
wait till the drambuie and sleeping pills kick in#(upbeat/tipsy) hey look a dragon
hello homer give me your peanuts and you can fly on my back#(tipsy) i will give you one
oh you are a very greedy man the other dragons shall hear of this#(out window tipsy) hey dragon you fly like a girl
homer i am gonna need you to do something for me when we get to china#(tipsy) you name it oh wise mountain ape
ext plane  continuous)#nooooooo
homer if you do this one small favor it could transform selma's life#but marge i do not want her to be happy
okay do not do it for her#deal
do it for me#(moans) okay i will do it (tender) because your sweet love is the one thing that saved my life from being an unmitigated disaster (then smart alecky) haha now we are even
ext china  continuous)#wow it makes the lincoln memorial look like crap
this will give you a chance to explore our nation's ancient culture#(very disappointed noise)
madam wu these are our children bart and lisa yes#and this is marge our surprisingly hot nanny
(flattered) thank you (stagy) mr simpson#do not mention it miss (thinks) october but do not look at her passport it is different
these are the famous shaolin temple monks they pursue spiritual peace through mastery of barefisted murder#i have heard of these guys you can wave your arms at 'em and make funny faces and they just have to stand there and take it
i have heard of these guys you can wave your arms at 'em and make funny faces and they just have to stand there and take it#(loud crazy noises)
(frantic) homer no stop you are thinking of buckingham palace#wha ?
wha ?#(ad lib screams getting punched noises)
(ad lib screams getting punched noises)#(getting kicked noises)
(getting kicked noises)#i hope you washed your hands first
int mao's tomb  day)#oh look at him sleeping he is like a little angel that killed fifty million people (to mao baby talk) yes you are yes you are
boys you see what i was talking about ? the greatest things can happen#i finally get this play
so mr simpson what do you do for a living ?#i am a nuclear
i am a nuclear#i am a chinese acrobat
homer we need your acrobatic skills only you can prevent this riot and save our beloved communist dictatorship#you guys are commies ? (puzzled) then why am i seeing rudimentary free markets ?
(chinese acrobatic work grunts)#(impressed reactions) nice chair toss good one skinny / you guys get these chairs from regal rents ? / boy you are a great stacker / hi lisa / now that is precarious
(impressed reactions) nice chair toss good one skinny / you guys get these chairs from regal rents ? / boy you are a great stacker / hi lisa / now that is precarious#boy this is easy maybe i am the world's greatest acrobat
boy this is easy maybe i am the world's greatest acrobat#(long scream)
(long scream)#usa usa us
usa usa us#(woozy) a
int hospital room  later)#(pleased) ooh you are curing me with acupuncture
this is homer your daddy (appreciative) without him i would not have you#awww she likes my eyes (adoring pained noises)
homer i do appreciate what you did how'd you like a little time with "miss october" ?#i would but marge would kill me i mean ohh right
(loving) homer of all the sneaky dishonest things you have ever done playing selma's husband was by far the sweetest#it wasn't easy marge  i have missed you so much
(giggles) okay one quick snuggle#(suave) is there any other kind ?
(stunned) they took my baby#wow the fortune cookies here really are more accurate
int airport  continuous)#i am so sorry about what happened but at least you saw what it was like to be married to me for a little while
just think about the day you found that junior mint in your bellybutton#(furious) who told you that ?
just put this hook in his nostril and pull#(noise of excruciating pain)
int nursery  moments later)#now let's see which one is ling ?
now let's see which one is ling ?#(loud whisper) ling ? ling ? ling ?
(loud whisper) ling ? ling ? ling ?#(anguished noise then happily) ling
madam wu we both love the enforcement of pointless rules but there is a greater joy in bending the rules to help someone who thinks all hope is gone#i was this woman's husband for a few days in name only and beer will soon obliterate that memory but i do not think this baby could find any greater love on your planet or ours
(warmly) you may keep your baby (sternly pointing) but you drop the panda#but he loves me
but he loves me#why you little i will endanger you
(selmalike laugh)#something's wrong with bart he is acting weird
feast on my shorts stupid father man#wait you are not bart (shrugs) eh close enough (rubs "bart's" hair)
yay#hmmm seems a shame to chuck out these crosscountry skis (thoughtful) i will keep one
hmmm seems a shame to chuck out these crosscountry skis (thoughtful) i will keep one#let's see now (reading) "kill spiders ?" we do not have spiders
let's see now (reading) "kill spiders ?" we do not have spiders#(scream)
(scream)#stupid spider afraid of dying
stupid spider afraid of dying#aha (then puzzled) huh ?
aha (then puzzled) huh ?#(horrified screams)
(horrified screams)#(then shocked) spider poison is people poison ?
(then shocked) spider poison is people poison ?#(enraged) baaart
(enraged) baaart#(curious) hm where is the pain ? (moan of pain) there it is
(curious) hm where is the pain ? (moan of pain) there it is#(scared noise)
(scared noise)#(scared/surprised as if forgetting the other spiders) a spider
(scared/surprised as if forgetting the other spiders) a spider#(repeated screams that get softer and softer)
(all business) i am on it#(loud incoherent babbling)
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#(babbling continues)
honey (searching) your nearfatal boo boo today really scared me what would the kids and i do if something happened to you ?#do not worry if i croak you will marry lenny or moe  the winner will be determined by a card game i invented i got all the rules written down up here
homie if you die i am gonna have three kids to take care of i want you to buy some life insurance please ?#sure if it will give you peace of mind but i am not gonna die for many many years
i know i just wan (screams)#(choking sounds)
mr simpson before we can insure you we need to ask you some questions (reading computer screen) have you ever had a heart attack ?#(jaunty) have not we all ?
strokes ?#none no wait three (chuckles) since the last one i do not remember so good
are you a smoker ?#yes i am
you do not smoke#(loud whisper) sssh i want her to think i am cool
(loud whisper) sssh i want her to think i am cool#if i sign it it still counts
if i sign it it still counts#(anguished noise) my hemophilia
(anguished noise) my hemophilia#(moans) uninsurable ? (moan)
you mean when the big tuna goes bellyup ?#(mouth full) huh ?
well i just think we should be building a nest egg#(no longer eating) way ahead of you marge  i just ordered a series of tapes on saving money they should get here soon i paid a bundle for overnight delivery
i have a book from the library with the same information#okay i will just hire a haulage firm to cart them away at my expense
okay i will just hire a haulage firm to cart them away at my expense#directory assistance ?
(pressing phone bar) no more directory assistance it is not free#well i will get a lawyer on that no a whole team of lawyers who will dine on mustard flown in from the orient
hey hey hey no outside suds#i am sorry moe marge will not let me spend any money  even counterfeit money
int simpson house  kitchen  night)#it is my money i am the one who earns it drinking beer out of a thermos like an animal
can you help me unload this soup from the car ? there was a sale so i bought four hundred cans#marge your pennypinching rampage has gone too far
oh honey i know it is not easy but we have got to put money away#you can not enjoy money when you are dead so why not have fun now ?
last year you spent five thousand dollars on donuts two thousand on scalp massages five hundred on body glitter#hey i earn that money  while you lounge around here doing laundry and putting up drywall i am at work busting my hump
give us our independence homer#yes president franklin
i uh was never president i invented some kind of stove#well i invented a popsicle made of mountain dew
(furious murmur)#(snooty) you banged ?
did you spend our savings on a motor home ?#(explaining) no i spent our savings on the down payment for a motor home (defiant) i need a castle where i can be king
well i hope you enjoy it your majesty  'cause i am not speaking to you#dammit
int motor home  continuous)#kids your mother and i have decided to take a little break from each other while we deal with our issues i plan to go on "motorhome makeover" and trick this thing out like a palace not like that dump you live in all i need is for someone to start a show called "motorhome makeover"
i see you were mad enough to leave our house but not mad enough to leave our property ? (playful punch) that is my halfassed dad#hey i could not leave you kids you are like my own family now check this place out
int prison visiting room  next day)#i have got gameboys and caramel apples
i will let you sass me#i will let you punch me
you can wear swimsuits instead of underwear#we will have christmas tomorrow
ext gas station  a little later)#woo hoo free gas
she is a roamaway silvercoach thirtyfour feet of walnutburled freedom#(whistles) boy i would not mind driving that to the holland michigan tulip festival
(katharine hepburn voice) i have never loved you either (chuckles to homer) we use jokes to mask our pain at the death of our son really#hmmm a place to dock eh ? i got room  i have a back yard that makes my front yard look like an idiot
can i bring the rest of the convoy ?#are you crazy ? let twelve complete strangers live on my lawn ?
well we will give you regional beers#it is a deal woo hoo
ext simpson house  backyard  continuous)#welcome welcome if my wife asks you are here for a boz skaggs concert
what are all these recreational vehicles doing here ?#these are my new friends they like me for me and my plumbing and gas hookups
(whooping and clapping along)#that is a lot of places
(yells down) i know another place you can go  to sleep#sorry marge we have got the power now and you can not turn us off
i was making a monte cristo sandwich when my crisper cut out (holds up sandwich) it is not golden brown it is not brown it is not nothin' damn#(moans)
you do not belong on the lawn you belong in your bed with your wife#that is no marriage bed  it is a loveless slab of bossiness
(gasp) well you are not perfect either#name one way i am not
no i do not see dad doing all that paperwork#i seem to recall you asked me to get this fat
oh boy let's get out of here before dad does a bad impression of mom#(imitating marge) i am marge simpson do not eat off the floor
and i am so sick of that story about finding an onion ring in your french fries it was twenty years ago#that was my woodstock
ext house  moments later)#(defiant) oh yeah marge ? what about my womanly needs ? (sobs)
you do not take anything seriously not even your bankruptcy hearing#hey that judge thought i rocked case closed (quickly) although my case is still open
ext backyard  continuous)#if you need me i will be in my trailer
if you need me i will be in my trailer#my rv is gone (small sobs) it was more than a motor home it was a car i could go to the bathroom in (upbeat) hey a note
we do not want you guys to split up so we are driving the rv back to the dealer" (horrified gasp) we have got to stop them#oh this is a parent's worst nightmare they have stolen a car and they are home alone
oh i have lost them i can not see past all the suvs#do not worry about the suvs there is a gentle curve up ahead
int rv  continuous)#bart pull over
french it up lover boy#i am not a machine  i can not just turn it on
(calmly) first raise my allowance#why you little (strangles bart)
(to self) ah rats#(relieved noise) thank god for that turkish freighter now we will just go get 'em and
help us#bring back our children you cyprussplitting jerks
just for that we keep your children#will you raise them christian ?
(considers) coptic christian#noooo
ext rear deck of ship  docked  day)#wow marge  once again your momly wisdom averted disaster
wow marge  once again your momly wisdom averted disaster#and i promise i will return this rv first thing in the morning (nervous) easy easy easy easy
and i promise i will return this rv first thing in the morning (nervous) easy easy easy easy#(relieved sigh)
(relieved sigh)#(annoyed grunt)
(nonchalant) hey it is only money and it did make a cool splash (giggles)#(confused) marge you are taking this pretty well
(loud whisper) dude she seemed tense so we put a little hashish in her meal#cool
play ? all plays suck all the time and always will and everyone knows it#look we will compromise we will go see a playthat lisa does not want to see
hoot hoot hoot hoot (etc)#hoot hoot hoot hoot hoot
int simpson house  master bedroom  evening)#hey cat get your own pants
hey cat get your own pants#(yelling) kids why's the cat so fat ?
let's see now barely finished high school you have challenged me to fight six times since the interview began#make it seven
(reads quickly) "crack smack uppers downers outters inners horse tranquilizers cow paralyzers blue bombers green goofers yellow submarines lsd mach three and trace amounts of (disgusted) human urine"#there must have been a mistake my body is a temple
guards remove this cokedout man balloon from my sight#(breaking down) but he misread my pee he misread my peeeee
ext springfield  night)#(mumbles) stupid prison guard job thinks its so big everyone gets a prison job but me (kicks can) all my best friends are guards (kicks can) they think they are so cruel and corrupt but they are not
(mumbles) stupid prison guard job thinks its so big everyone gets a prison job but me (kicks can) all my best friends are guards (kicks can) they think they are so cruel and corrupt but they are not#(loud whisper) sometimes i go to the movies alone
ext prison  night)#(blubbering)
(chuckles) okay new meat you are clean#i am not supposed to be new meat i am supposed to have your job
no frank gehrydesigned prison can hold me ha ha#oh my god that man might be hurt (points to truck) guards there is a prisoner in there
nice nab simpson you did the right thing squealin' on that guy#squealin' ? no i just wanted to help him
whatever how'd you like to be a fulltime rat ?#(intrigued) really ? you mean eat cheese gnaw through electrical cords things like that ?
int warden's office  later)#mr burns i have thought about it and i do not wanna be a snitch it is not an honorable life
now now there are perks a private cell extra dessert and this adorable little hat#well i am a sucker for a little hat
so we have an agreement ?#well i do not know
it is the only way you will survive in here#well i would like to survive long enough to see the effects of global warming i have got an inside tip that it is all a bunch of crap okay you have found your snitch
excellent now what have you got for me ?#(loud whisper) homer simpson has become a snitch
int prison shower  continuous)#say is that a gang tattoo ? i thought those weren't allowed
int warden's office  seconds later)#that is right an unauthorized tattoo i came here right away
your uh mother#who ? oh that "my mother" tell him thanks
ooh a tiffany's box and the thing inside is from tiffany's homie you have never done this before how'd you afford it ?#well if you really must know
well if you really must know#(loud whisper) i am a prison snitch
(gasp) have not you seen what happens to people who rat in prison movies ?#sure they are on top of the world then there is a big riot scene then i do not know i usually doze off
the prison snitch is killed and that could be you because you are the prison snitch#what are you dopes lookin' at ? you have never seen blingbling before ?
(whispers) pssst there is a jailbreak tonight#how come nobody told me before ?
i sent you an evite you never responded nice netiquette jerk#there is gonna be a breakout tonight
(excited) lis that place is great they have a jukebox in the basement and look at the trick they taught me#deal
kill the rat kill the rat kill the rat kill the rat kill the rat kill the rat kill the rat kill the rat kill the rat#what happened to the guards ? okay okay do not panic maybe they will tire themselves out with their chant
int homer's cell  continuous)#(shrieks)
int prison  homer's cell  continuous)#marge they are gonna kill me (moans) i only did what i had to do to survive in a style befitting a french monarch
marge they are gonna kill me (moans) i only did what i had to do to survive in a style befitting a french monarch#fly segway fly
fly segway fly#(plummeting noise)
(calling) homer homer where are you ?#marge how did you get in here ?
oh you must be michael's dad#marge c'mon
marge c'mon#we will be safe in the gas chamber
i want you to look into the faces of those poor men  each one is a life you made worse with your ratting#(panicked) marge i am sorry i got you into this mess can i snitch on my heart and say "i love you" ?
done and done sir#hold on a minute governor i have been using my powers of snitching for evil but now i want to tattle for good this prison is a hellhole they feed us horse meat  with traces of jockey meat
i will have you know i buy the finest cuts of beef#the guards are sadistic and cruel
(cheers)#you know what i missed in the joint ? just lying here watching you sleeping sweetly sleeping sweetly
you know what i missed in the joint ? just lying here watching you sleeping sweetly sleeping sweetly#(hypnotic) sleeping sweetly
ext moe's  night)#(to cat) i will not tell if you do not tell
int concert hall  auditorium )#listen to me this whole building is unsafe they cut corners everywhere people it is a death trap
no dad you fell asleep in front of the tv watching "the towering inferno"#how do you know the title of my prophetic vision ?
oh it is so great we can do anything now that scientists have invented magic i am so proud of you lisa graduating two years early and bart graduating#what'd i miss ? what'd i miss ?
(sternly) homer we are separated now you can not just walk in without knocking#(defensive) well maybe i was partying so hard with my single friends last night i forgot the rules
(defensive) well maybe i was partying so hard with my single friends last night i forgot the rules#(spooky) why ? is it messing you up ?
she is really enjoying alaska#stupid wildlife serves 'em right
(shakes head) when i was a kid we did not show our affection by headbutting#(coyly) oh marge
(coyly) oh marge#oh right separated
int springfield  underwater home (future))#son sometimes people just grow apart like me and your mom
son sometimes people just grow apart like me and your mom#she will realize she was a fool when
she will realize she was a fool when#hey come back with my patio furniture
int underwater house  continuous)#stupid flounders hey i have got a great idea we will find some new lady friends
stupid flounders hey i have got a great idea we will find some new lady friends#c'mon boy we are hitting the town (beat) after decompressing of course
c'mon boy we are hitting the town (beat) after decompressing of course#there is a dvd player but it does not work
ext springfield streets  night)#(laughs not hearing loud) i know it is a hover car
all right you guys are my new best friends#you wish loser
int moe's  day)#hey moe hey moeclone
watch it with the attitude mister you came from my back fat#boy i think i see my two favorite letters of the alphabet ez
oh please not this again#son say hello to edna
son say hello to edna#(awkward chuckle) oopsie
ext springfield high  athletic field  the future  day)#(puzzled) hey marge why are you with krusty ? these kids are too old for clowns
actually homer i am into your lady#(calmly) hey man she is not my lady anymore we split up it is all cool i (furious) i will kill you
(a little puzzled) come and get your diploma#(light babbling)
(light babbling)#much better
int underwater house  eight years in the future  day)#marge i thought you would never take me back after what i did to krusty
you mean get beaten up by him ?#exactly
and i will admit it is kinda romantic under the sea#(seductive) you do not know the half of it
homer do something about this leak#do not worry marge  hot wheels to the rescue
do not worry marge  hot wheels to the rescue#(points) the water flows down here through the straightaway a couple of wicked sturns
(points) the water flows down here through the straightaway a couple of wicked sturns#around the loop of deathand out the mail slot then it is the yard's problem
that teddy bear survived three safety recalls but it could not survive you#aw that is it i am going to moe's
aw that is it i am going to moe's#(moans) it is raining outside
(sad meow)#lousy cat
ext springfield street  evening)#stupid homerhating family at least there is one place i am always welcome
for he is a jolly good fellow#aw guys this is just what i needed
this ain't for you sweat stain it is a surprise party for lenny thrown by his closest friends#so what is stephen hawking doing here ?
i live here now you are looking at the new owner of the little caesar's down the street pizza pizza (then) pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza sorry that button sticks#so why did not you invite me ?
we could not tell you ahead of time because you would spill the beans#i would not ruin a surprise for lenny
six years' planning down the drain#(meek defeated) i am sorry i will just sit over here until you stop being mad at me
(meek defeated) i am sorry i will just sit over here until you stop being mad at me#hey watch what you say about him i think ray could be the one
(furious) oh great homer i bake a cake shaped like lenny's favorite barstool and you wreck it#(sadly) well i can see i am not wanted here
int homer's car  a short time later)#my family hates me my stupid friends kick me out of their stupid party (bitter) they will all be sorry when i invent the world's besttasting cola and share it with no one (maniacal laugh)
my family hates me my stupid friends kick me out of their stupid party (bitter) they will all be sorry when i invent the world's besttasting cola and share it with no one (maniacal laugh)#(sad whimper)
(sad whimper)#(gasp) a sign
(gasp) a sign#finally a bar for men who like to drink and look at sexy women
read the sign prevert#i'd like a beer and a sympathetic ear
i got my own problems i just lost this eye last night (points to patch)#(to himself) how did it ever come to this ? i am the first man ever to feel depressed in a bar i do not have a friend in the world
i have not seen this much melted cheese since i left my billy joel albums out in the sun#(huge laugh then) the sun
hey you wanna split this ?#(touched) wow it is been so long since i have been with someone who does not know what a selfish pig i am
(touched) wow it is been so long since i have been with someone who does not know what a selfish pig i am#(gulping nachos) mine oh move your hand i get this
(laughs) hey my name's ray  ray magini#ray you know me better than anyone how can i get my wife to love me again ?
beats me  i am no marriage counselor (beat) just a licensed and bonded roofer#(gasps) ray will you help me fix my roof ?
sure i will help ya under one condition  you gotta help me finish this pitcher of beer#wait did i add that right ?
now for my first act as president#to my new buddy (they drink) now all we need is an awesome theme song (gets idea) whatever plays next on the jukebox
do that to me one more time / once is never enough / with a man like you#(quickly) next song / that is what i meant / absolutely
homer i woke up to find an owl eating a mouse on the pillow next to me#i think that means six more weeks of autumn
it means you have to fix the roof#do not worry honey i found us a roofer last night and you will never guess where
(flat) knockers on route 98#(gasps) how did you know ?
(sarcastic) i am psychic look i do not know if i want a roofer who hangs out in bars#(sarcastic) you are right marge  i guess i should look for roofers at poetry slams and yoga retreats
(sarcastic) you are right marge  i guess i should look for roofers at poetry slams and yoga retreats#(prompting) highfive
eh i got standards i do not hand out highfives like chiclets#ray would highfive me
zing#(annoyed grunt)
hey homer#(thrilled) oh ray you came at the agreedupon time
that is what i like about you homer everything impresses you#"impresses" what a big word i am gonna look that up
(looking around) ah this is gonna take some work tell me was the roof in good condition when you bought the house ?#i did not really check i mainly bought this house for the view
i did not really check i mainly bought this house for the view#some day that bowl will overflow and i will be there
ext simpson house  roof  day)#sorry about that pal
no problem accidents happen#one two three four  i declare a nail war
(delighted) this is why i got into roofing#(laughter chasing noises)
hey homer#ned are you okay ?
(panicked) i was wrong#(laugh)
(laugh)#that is ned flanders (chuckles) there is one in every neighborhood
oh sorry man i gotta go (looking at pager) this says my kid attempted something i hate the way these things cut off#goodbye ray bye (sad) oh he turned the corner (happy again) ooh now i see him again
goodbye ray bye (sad) oh he turned the corner (happy again) ooh now i see him again#(falling noise)
int attic  continuous)#(snoring noises)
homer#(wakingup noises)
and why is the hole in the roof even bigger ?#do not worry  ray'll be back any minute
it is after six  he is not coming back he is a lousy roofer and a flake#my new best friend we think alike we act alike we finish each other's sandwiches
i do not want to hear any more about ray tomorrow morning you buy some shingles and fix that roof yourself#ray's not gonna like that
you are not married to ray#well if i was we'd have taller kids
ext builder's barn  day)#you know son my dad used to take me down to johnson's hardware old man johnson knew everything about fixin' stuff (nostalgic) when they built this place he hung himself
(straining noises)#oh sorry son i wanted you to bring me the stack of tiles from the top shelf (seeing something) hey ray's here
hey homer look i just came down with a case of shingles#(big laugh then) what is in the box ?
hey i am real sorry i never made it back yesterday i hope we are still friends ?#of course we are (hopeful) if you wanna be
what are you doing ? why are not you fixing the roof ?#i do not have to  ray's gonna be here any minute
i am so sick of hearing about that stupid unreliable ray who by the way i have never even met#all right then you can just look at the portrait i painted of him
homer how did you think i'd feel when i saw that ?#something like that
something like that#(hopeful noise disappointed noise hopeful noise disappointed noise etc)
(hopeful noise disappointed noise hopeful noise disappointed noise etc)#(hopeful noise)
(hopeful noise)#(disappointed noise)
(weary) homer come down for dinner#did you make enough for ray ?
(exasperated) ray's not coming#he is too his truck's gonna come around the corner riiight now (looking up street) right now right now now now nnnnnnnnow now
he is too his truck's gonna come around the corner riiight now (looking up street) right now right now now now nnnnnnnnow now#(weakly) now now nnnow
(sweetly) homer i know where ray is#oh thank god where is he ? tell me
sweetheart your friend ray is in your head#(puzzled) ray would not fit in my head  he is a human man
you have to understand  ray does not exist#yes he does he is on his way (stands up) and when he gets here we will have ever so much fun you will see
yes he does he is on his way (stands up) and when he gets here we will have ever so much fun you will see#hahahahaha how we will laugh
(horrified) homer#(doppler) hahahahaha (landing sound then weakly) hahahahaha
int mental hospital  continuous)#what is going on ? where are my shoes ? (struggling noise)
excuse us for a moment#(woozy) what am i doing here ? let me go
we will let you go when you admit there is no ray magini#fine i admit it (then) help me ray appear and strike them down
(sadly) homer no one has ever seen ray but you#but that is not true bart saw him at the builder's barn
i saw you talking to yourself#(desperate) flanders you saw ray on the roof with me
sorry homer you will have to call me a raytheist 'cause i do not believe i saw him#ned are you okay ?
ned are you okay ?#there has to be someone who saw him  someone who does not hate me like flanders and bart (excited) wait the bartender at knockers
and here's the clincher ray magini is an anagram for "imaginary"#wow my subconscious is a genius (calmly) well that is all very convincing and
wow my subconscious is a genius (calmly) well that is all very convincing and#(crazy babbling noises)
actually the technical term is electroconvulsive therapy#(relieved) well that is a world of difference light me up doc
when you are gettin' juiced can you hold my turtle ? i wanna bring him back to life (holds up dead turtle)#aw what did he die of ?
homer that is just to bite on not to eat (annoyed noise)#sorry give me one that does not taste so good
that was rubber covered in vaseline#marge write that down so we can have it at home
we can not begin this treatment soon enough#(adlib shocked babbling)
do you see anyone here who is not here ?#nope just you marge and yogi bear (off their looks) kidding
(chuckles) well i see your sense of humor's not affected (grimly) that is a very bad sign#(adlib shocked babbling)
(adlib shocked babbling)#real
real#not real
not real#real
real#real
oh sorry homer but recent historical evidence indicates that robin hood did not actually exist#(adlib shocked babbling) fascinating (more shocked babbling)
dad#(touched) oh kids i heart you too
(touched) oh kids i heart you too#man i am glad to be off that electroshock table although to be honest i did enjoy lying down
hello homer#(shrieks) it is ray i see him again monster you do not exist
hey no one calls me a monster and questions my existence#(awestruck) the awesome power of the human mind
check and mate (chuckles)#so ray does exist ?
(laughs) yeah yeah yeah we are all crooks it is true#(laughs then angry) wait a minute i went through a lot of pain and suffering because of this little misunderstanding somebody owes me big
well homer i could make it up to you maybe a free eyescraping#that is a given there is something else (grimly) something much more else
homer can i please knock off ? i have got surgery in the morning#not if those gutters are not clean you do not
so as i was saying homer mondays nine o'clock cbs they say everybody loves that guy but i do not get it#what are you talking about ?
hey i am just sayin' catch it while you still can (chuckles)#what time's the show on ?
it is monday nine o'clock cbs#and what is the network ?
cbs#at what time ?
nine o'clock#and if i wanna watch it what day ?
monday monday nine o'clock#and this is on the radio ?
no television mondays at nine on cbs#and if i wanna see it what time should i watch it ?
nine o'clock#on what channel ?
cbs#what day ?
monday#on the radio ?
television#turn the television to what channel ?
cbs#at what time ?
nine o'clock on monday#now if i wanted to see it on a certain day what would be the best day to see it ?
it is only on on monday#and what time ? would be a good time to see it ?
nine o'clock it is from nine to nine thirty#so if i turn my radio on at nine o'clock
not the radio television#so it is mondays at nine on nbc
cbs#cbs
nine o'clock#on the radio
television#television at three o'clock
(sarcastic) oh so i have been replaced by a machine ?#marge no machine could ever replace you why you (getting idea) or could it ?
marge no machine could ever replace you why you (getting idea) or could it ?#margebot i am ready for some lovin'
margebot i am ready for some lovin'#(so self) why did i give her a gun ? (decisive) but i repeat no one is being replaced by a machine (beat) until all the kinks are worked out
oh fine#(whining baby/dog noises)
my heart it hurts so much like it is caught in a vice#aw my little boy's in love
i think he is having a heart attack#c'mon son you can fight this do the bartman (anguished) do the bartman
c'mon son you can fight this do the bartman (anguished) do the bartman#why do not you dance ? dance ?
ext springfield hospital  day  establishing)#doctor little kids are not supposed to have heart attacks they are supposed to skin their knees and poke their eyes out and be smothered by cats
it is graffiti you can eatie#(warmly) you get better son meanwhile the rest of us will be going to the "library"
(suspicious) where are you really going ?#milkshake festival (points) look you can see the booths from your window
(to self) i'd better tell dad#lisa take a picture of me with all the milkshakes c'mon everybody get in here (babbles) hurry
uh son we are here to help with your (to others) which addictadiddilydiction are we goin' after here ?#overeating and if there is time we will get to my drinking but there will not be time
even on the nose hurts#wow he is just the kind of weirdo bart needs
tough love ? of course this has never made sense the sign shop guy lied (yelling) stanley you did not question the word "luck ?" now look what we have got (to marge) thanks for the correction that is part of the honesty#son i just wanna leave you with a piece of advice  become emotionally dead leave your body (kisses bart) make lots of friends
ext springfield elementary  night  establishing)#that freeloading fatso marge could you cut back on your makeup budget ?
i already use crayons for lipstick and fireplace soot for eyeliner#so that is where my soot went
(shakes head desperate) this fat camp can save bart's life  we have to find a way to pay for it homer maybe you could ask mr burns for a raise#even better i will ask him for my job back
i know how we can raise money#youth ? i hate them secondly
how much is costed for staynightofone ?#how much is got wolfgang schmuck ?
let's see here i can offer you uh fifty dollars a week#fifty dollars ? what about all the water you guys will waste with your bathing and showering and washing your clothes ?
int kitchen  moments later)#(to germans) gten abend my brave bavarian overlords the best wurst in town
here's your tip baldylocks if you want it dance and sing#(sings) neunundneunzig luftballons / auf ihrem weg zum horizont / hielt man fuer ufos aus dem all / darum schickte ein general /
they want a second verse i hope he knows it#(sings sadly) eine fliegerstaffel hinterher / alarm zu geben wenn es so war / dabei war da am horizont / nur neunundneunzig luftballons
not for long  i am saying goodbye to scammer and zdog i have learned that even madeup corporate shills can lie to you#did you hear that foxy the fox network fox ?
when i raged against the machine money poured out#(excited noise) oh boy
(excited noise) oh boy#marge i know this is illgotten but can we use it to
uh please to have new facecloth schnell#(rolling sleeves) time to take out the eurotrash
to disneyland where we will heap the scorn on goofy#now everything's perfect again
folks you have three weeks left on a nonrefundable weightloss treatment so if anybody else in the family wants to use it use it now#but who else needs to lose weight ? maggie ? grampa ? my seldomseen half brother herb ?
but who else needs to lose weight ? maggie ? grampa ? my seldomseen half brother herb ?#why is everyone looking at me ?
int car  continuous)#i am not too fat i am alive are not i ?
"psi"  poor self esteem (realizes something) it is not "i" every sign is wrong#oh that is terrible
we got a long drive ahead you wanna pull off into a motel ? we will split a room#where will i sleep ?
what are you eating now ?#(meek) cheeseburger
you are a catastrophe lemme have half of it#i do not wanna
i just want the cheese i do not want the meat i do want the meat#here's a corner
i mean just bite it do not rip it lemme have the whole thing you will get some later#you are a selfish jerk
i smelled it it has to be eaten#but it is my burger
i am driving i will kill us#fine i'd rather die
(loud to simpsons but under breath) call the police#(loud whisper) i need change for a dollar
(loud but under breath) no change without purchase#(loud whisper) what is the cheapest thing you have got ?
(loud but under breath) a two ounce bag of chips five ninetynine#(loud whisper) five ninetynine ? what a ripoff someone should shoot you
maybe we could shop somewhere else there is a farm stand next door#interesting it is like a corndog without the dog
int simpsons house  kitchen  evening)#i do not miss meat at all this portobello mushroom eats like a steak a rubbery funguslike steak
i do not miss meat at all this portobello mushroom eats like a steak a rubbery funguslike steak#(grabbing stomach) marge i am giving birth to a food baby
it is 'cause your bodies are so used to processed food it is a shock when you eat vegetables full of vitamins minerals and trace amounts of bug feces#i think it is staying down it is staying down (gulps) it is not staying down
i think it is staying down it is staying down (gulps) it is not staying down#wait yes it is staying down (lowers bucket) oh no it is not yes it is no it is not yep no yep no yep no (quickly) yep no yep no yep no
stop it (grabs homer's bucket) you will all feel better if you get a little sleep now close your eyes#(flailing his arms) where is my bucket ?
(sings) hush little baby do not say a word / mama's gonna buy you a mockingbird / and if that mockingbird do not sing#(happy sigh as he rubs bucket on his face)
(sings) and if that diamond ring turns brass / mama's gonna buy you a looking glass#(dreamy) lisa sings so sweetly and bart is my pillow everyone's good for something
lisa that sounds like a fancier version of the song you are going to sing#and she is giving us the emotional experience of a lifetime (sobs) oh thank you for this angel lord
why ? just because she sings like whitney houston brought to life ?#do not lose hope sweetie i am gonna write you a song so great you can not lose and that is not just the beer talking (points to chest) your father's in here too
(impressed) questioning the kid's sexuality  well done#here you go honey sing this
how did you write a song so quickly ?#much of the tune is plagiarized now go go go
ah what do you jerks know ? that is a quality joke#you did it sweetie
i really do like working with you dad will you keep helping me ?#of course sweetie you and i are gonna write and sing our way out of this godforsaken hellhole
but your song said you liked springfield#i wrote it about shelbyville then changed the names
(ascending scale) la la la la la la la (then holding last note) laaaaaaa#good job sweetie every time you hit that note i will shoot a glass with my bb gun
(smiles) i really appreciate your taking such an interest in me dad#honey our time together is precious to me i did not want to say anything but i do not think i am gonna be around much longer
(concerned) really ? what is wrong ?#well moe's getting a big screen tv in february just in time for the pro bowl maybe this time my beloved blue shirts will win
sorry sweetie we do not have green#(sweetly) let daddy go talk to the man
(sweetly) let daddy go talk to the man#(opening door) may i have a word with you ?
(opening door) may i have a word with you ?#(sweet) is that green enough for you sweetie ? (menacing) 'cause i can make it greener (punches fist in palm)
that is cameron (shakes head) girls go crazy over him he is cute unthreatening and his smile brought a puppy back to life#do not worry honey the song i wrote you is so schmaltzy it will make "moon river" sound like a farting orangutan
sweetie tonight you were perfect#marge lisa and i were just discussing how to improve tonight's performance (scolding) now you are confusing her by telling her she was perfect
mr simpson i brought those twizzlers you asked for#(furious) my little girl likes red vines you little
(being strangled noises)#you think i can not kill you ? there is a hundred little punks graduating from syracuse this year that would beg to kiss my ass get outta here
(scared noises) he is crazy#(examining box) hey these are red vines (hands them to lisa sweetly) here you go sweetie daddy got you your candy
yeah for once could not you just turn into a good father ? would that be so hard ?#(not angry just defensive) hey gimme a break living through lisa is the healthiest thing that ever happened to me
but dad you do not need to help me by humiliating people#("unbelievable") you love sausage but you hate to see it getting made
i do not like sausage#then would you like to see it getting made ?
(reluctantly) dad you are fired#(stunned) fired me ?
(stunned) fired me ?#everything i did i did for you
dad i am sorry you are hurt but you left me no choice you were obnoxious at a level not even permitted in show business#do you know the hours i worked ? the people i had to yell at ? the tires i had to slash ?
no one asked you to yell and slash#it is called smoozing
hell i will even go shoe shopping#(loud) hey come back i am calming down we will have family fun family funnnnn
ext simpson house  evening  establishing)#(upbeat) hey everybodyi brought a guest
(upbeat) hey everybodyi brought a guest#someone who appreciates my inyourface management style
someone who appreciates my inyourface management style#ha smart move soon the whole world will be lining up to suck my nose after i make my new client a star
(shocked) you are working with cameron now ?#his name is not cameron anymore he is now "johnny rainbow"
mr simpson about that#i am not mr simpson that ship has sailed i am colonel cool and i am the captain on this rocket to the stars
so are you a colonel or a captain ?#neither i am both
neither i am both#all right i wanna teach you a little something about jazz hands
all right i wanna teach you a little something about jazz hands#do not stop till it is as natural as breathing
actually i think your father's still upset about the way things went down#(calmly) marge bart maggie santa's little helper (sobs) lisa
dad i do not want things to be awful between us i made you some cookies#(cold) i do not think cookies are gonna make me feel better
(cold) i do not think cookies are gonna make me feel better#(ecstatic) oh god oh they are delicious oh so happy (ecstatic) oh god they are (then coldly) they are gone
uh sorry hon this is all we got who is next ?#we are
we are#(gasp) flanders ?
(gasp) flanders ?#(commanding) okay morty gimme a rosecolored spot tight to the midchest and an aqua background with an astronaut on a surfboard
(nervous) sure sure thing mr s#lisa
lisa#(shy) um at the end of your song remember to look into the spotlight it makes your eyes twinkle
(smiling) thanks dad#(quickly) you are welcome
dad you know the best part about this whole thing has been the time we have spent together i do not care if i win just as long as you are in my corner again#i always was honey look (sly) cameron's about to sing the song i wrote for him (sneaky chuckle) he is about to learn the most important lesson in the music business do not trust people in the music business
(impressed) dad you sabotaged cameron for me#sure did i'd do anything for you honey especially if it is easy
well i think you are the sweetest dad in the whole world#(intense) i will always be there not even death will stop me
now you are getting creepy#how 'bout "i love you honey ?"
oh i see (feelings hurt) well good luck getting to your precious mall barber 'cause i am not driving you#kids wanna go to the mall ? they are baking fresh cinnabons which means they are throwing out the old ones
int mall  a little later)#oh i love you dumpsterbons
dad ?#oh big surprise the fat guy's eating garbage
(to self) leave your body seymour leave your body#(intrigued) "left below" ooh a "he is risen" production
church ? i'd rather play golf on the holiest day of the week#finally a character i can relate to i bet good things happen to him
it is the rapture shawna the rapture the virtuous have gone to heaven and the rest of us have been (to camera) left below#(aghast) left below ? where have i heard that before ?
(dryly) it is the title of the movie#(gasps) it is everywhere
(anguished) why did i choose to be gay ?#(moans) this movie will haunt me for the rest of my life just like cannonball run two
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#marge what if the rapture is coming and i have not led a good enough life ? i could be left below
sweetie do not worry god would not spring the rapture on us unannounced he'd send us signs like i do not know all the dogs getting on a spaceship and leaving#yeah i will bet the cats would be psyched about that (chuckles) thanks marge you have put my mind at ease (sexy) now how about a little "rapture" for mama ?
(seductive) ooh i could be the rachel to your jacob#okay but it is tough for me not to think about their hardship
int car  continuous)#marge is right  the rapture is not coming there have not been any ominous signs
you too#(short scream) blood is raining from the sky
int homer's car  continuous)#(grave) judgment day is at hand
(polite) can i help you ? (enticing) we are having a sale on bible magnifying glasses#begat (concerned) uh do you have any books on the rapture ?
yes this one is fifteen per cent off#(short scream) i will take everything you have got
and would you like to take advantage of our "friends of flanders" discount ?#(bitterly) no thank you
homer you did not touch your second dinner tonight (surprised) and you are reading books word books what is going on ?#marge the rapture is nigh these books will help me figure out how nigh
marge the rapture is nigh these books will help me figure out how nigh#this whole deal is scientifically proven (writes) the book of revelation has four hundred and four verses add the number of people at the last supper
this whole deal is scientifically proven (writes) the book of revelation has four hundred and four verses add the number of people at the last supper#(continuing his equation tired) minus the number of filipinos in the bibleand you get
(continuing his equation tired) minus the number of filipinos in the bibleand you get#he writes "3150518" on the board
(reading the number) three million one hundred and#up bup bup
up bup bup#three fifteen pm may 18th that is when the rapture will be
may eighteenth ? that is one week from today#(gasp) a week ? that isseven days from now
ext springfield  town square  day)#(calling) the world will end next week spend your children's college fund thaw that turkey now
this is kent brockman reporting live from downtown springfield where overweight doomsayer homer simpson is predicting the world will end next wednesday homer what turned you from sad drunk to mad monk ?#funny story kent (crazy ringing bell) it is the end of the world god loves you he is gonna kill you
that must mean you are right about the rapture too#(calm again) here's my angle there is no way in god's heaven i should get into god's heaven but maybe he will let me in if i warn others the apocalypse is coming as i previously shouted
(humoring him) i see well we have thirty seconds left  any other cuckoo yip yap ?#uhhh
uhhh#here's one  revelation 613 just before the rapture "the stars will fall to the earth" so all you hippies out there might want to (toking noises) for that one
homer i am glad you are getting exercise i just wish it wasn't crazy exercise#(defending) marge in a world gone mad only a lunatic is truly insane
dad we love you but we just do not think the world is coming to an end yet a hundred years global warming we are goners but for now do you think you could lighten up on this "left below" stuff ?#well i guess this thing does look pretty silly let's all take off our sandwich boards and watch tv
'cause that girl's school says i can not do that no more#when the time comes we will not be in our homesbecause we are all gonna go here
that is springfield mesa it is fifteen miles north past the warren harding memorial throughhole#exactly it came to me in a vision or maybe it was a drunken haze or possibly an ice cream headache
well well well looks like someone's having a prerapture party#(lying) no flanders it is uh a meeting of gay witches for abortion you would not be interested
(lying) no flanders it is uh a meeting of gay witches for abortion you would not be interested#(into bullhorn) all right everybody pair up with a rapture buddy who will watch your back through all eternity
dad please do not go through with this all through history selfanointed seers have predicted the end of the world and they have always been wrong#but sweetheart i have something they did not have  a good feeling about this
(emphatic) lisa's going we are all going#c'mon lisa no one in this family is being left below
wait for me i am acomin'#do not worry dad there is a bus coming for you (quickly) drive drive
ext mesa  a little later)#okay guys get ready we are just seconds away
two one#goodbye stupid earth
there appears to be some delay#huh my watch must be running fast wait for it wait for it wait for it
huh my watch must be running fast wait for it wait for it wait for it#(a little weary) wait for it wait for it wait for it
(a little weary) wait for it wait for it wait for it#(hoarse) wait for it wait for it
(angry muttering)#please do not go please ? please ? (firmly) i command you
homie i'd better start dinner#(moans) lisa you still believe in me do not you ?
(gently) dad if you will recall i never believed in you not for one second#(warmly) aw that is my girl
hey fatwad here's another thing you did not predict#(flatly) ow ow ow ow (moans) let's go to moe's we will walk and punch
(flatly) ow ow ow ow (moans) let's go to moe's we will walk and punch#ow ow ow ow huh ?
int sushi bar  continuous)#moe what happened to your eponymous tavern ?
(derisive laughter and hooting)#hey you with the tempura  your arm broken ?
int simpson house  garage  late at night)#ten eleven twelve thirteen ? twelve apostles but jesus was at the last supper too this changes everything
ten eleven twelve thirteen ? twelve apostles but jesus was at the last supper too this changes everything#multiply by seven do not forget to carry the six six six (etc)
multiply by seven do not forget to carry the six six six (etc)#wake up the rapture is coming in half an hour there is no time to waste marge grill a chicken no make sandwiches and some kettle chips would be nice original not barbecue
(lying) yeah school (his eyes dart)#forget school we have to get to the mesa
we are not going anywhere except to bed#but my prediction says
ext desert road outside springfield  dawn)#stupid family will not even come to my rapture i went to lisa's school play  which had serious pacing problems
ext springfield mesa  a little later)#three two one
three two one#(moans) oh i am wrong again i am nothing but a big fat oh
(moans) oh i am wrong again i am nothing but a big fat oh#woo hoo i was right
woo hoo i was right#and there is the earth so beautiful with your many rings
(eurotrash) homer simpson welcome to heaven now let's get you some clothes huh ?#i am comfortable like this
this is our nature walk our pedicure hut our stateoftheart showroom tonight featuring los lobos and over there is our water slide that is coming next year it is gonna be super fantastic#how come it is not open yet ?
and the best part of heaven is anything you wish for you get lickity split#(strokes chin) hm
(strokes chin) hm#(giggles)
int swanky hotel suite  a little later)#thanks listen could you do me one more favor ?
so if you need further assistance just call the front desk and ask for andre okay ?#oh sorry uh  i'd tip you but i do not have any cash
you know you could wish for some#i could
i could#wait before you go there is one thing i gotta know what happened to my family ?
(screams)#i have gotta save them
homer what is wrong ?#lord you got a firstclass destination resort here really top notch but i can not enjoy myself knowing my family is suffering
oh do not tell me about family suffering my son went down to earth once i do not know what you people did to him but he has not been the same since#oh he will be fine and you could still spare my family by
pass#(grim) buddy you just made yourself a powerful enemy
hey what is the big idea pally ? why so crabby ?#screw you dino you squandered your gift
screw you dino you squandered your gift#uhoh
squandered my gift ? i made sixtyeight albums#i am sorry but heaven is not heaven without my family in it
(weary sigh) what do you want homer ?#just send me back to earth and put off this whole rapture hoopdedo for another couple of years or so
but it is already started to do what you are asking i'd have to turn back time#superman did it
you want me to help you with your alcoholism ?#no i am in a good place with that
why do not you just take these pamphlets ?#yeah i will definitely read those later (rolls eyes)
yeah i will definitely read those later (rolls eyes)#now listen if you could just see your way clear to
ext springfield mesa  morning)#(groggy wakeup noises)
(groggy wakeup noises)#it was all just a dream
it was all just a dream#but what are these wings ? oh it is just a seagull stuck in my back
(near tears) the warren harding throughhole never seemed so long#(warmly) yeah i missed you guys too now if you will excuse me
ext springfield street  day)#(ecstatic) thank you lord it is back the way it was
int moe's  a little later)#ah this is heaven (sips beer)
humorist david sedaris takes a wry look at overcrowding in america's prisons#(walking by) prison overcrowding i have got a solution for that (makes machine gun noises dying convict noises) oh my god (ambulance noises then) usa usa
hey i won four free movie tickets and it starts in half an hour#free movie tickets ? (excited) i feel like roger ebert or his kissass new partner
(playful noise)#she will be fine here under the watchful eye of grandma shark week
a tv shark is not a babysitter#how about this guy ?
(nonchalant) howdy homer you here for a viewin' of my shampooin' ?#shut up flanders i need a favor would you mind watching maggie for a while ? (selling) it would only be until later
oh sorry but i promised to rewind videotapes for the poor#come on flanders does not that "bible" of yours say to "love thy neighbor" ? (then hurt) why will not you love me ?
(thinks then) all right neighbor i will babysit#thanks ned
thanks ned#you wear a bathing suit in the bathtub ?
yeah so i can not see my own shrinky dink#makes sense
(looking elsewhere) honey you can be anything you want to be#this theater sucks my seat's uncomfortable the screen's only half a screen and that guy's eating an apple
(european voice) would you care for a segment ?#(sullen) yes
(whiny) mom i do not wanna read  it is the weekend#i have had enough  i am leaving
i have had enough  i am leaving#(moans) i am stuck why did i eat that apple segment ?
(laugh hysterically)#what are you kids laughing at ? (gritted teeth) and if you say jimmy fallon i will know you are lying
what are you kids laughing at ? (gritted teeth) and if you say jimmy fallon i will know you are lying#(gasp) scantilyclad coeds ?
(gasp) scantilyclad coeds ?#why you little i will teach you to have a libido (strangles bart)
he does not even know what is going on#(laughs) wait will i tell everyone about this i will feel important without drinking that'll be weird
int kwikemart  day)#what a combination  hot chicks and stupid flanders
(shakes his head) and you say mr flanders remains completely ignorant of their dotkama sutra ?#(chuckles) yep and nobody's tellin' him not even his good buddy god
boy nothin' is sexier than still photos in a girlie magazine (noticing computer) wha ?#sensual is not it ? (chuckles) and the best part is stupid flanders does not even know it is happening in his stupid house hence my nickname stupid flanders (chuckles)
ext first church of springfield  day)#(chuckles) hey moses are you a loser ?
(chuckles) hey moses are you a loser ?#(for moses) yes i am homer (chuckles)
int simpson house  day)#son i need to pee but i can not stop watching fetch me a bottle
what are you two doing ?#uh we are watching the latest photos from mars ho great stuff worth every billion
(gasps) it is happening in ned's house why would he allow that ?#well that is obvious he does not even know
well that is obvious he does not even know#(anguished moan)
c'mon you tell him right now (releasing homer) ned homer has something to tell you#uh i am thinking about getting a yogurt franchise it is called "plops" and
you know what i mean#(pained noise then) okay flanders you see
homer is this true ?#(earnestly) ned i had no choice it was just so funny
the bible says "cast your bread upon the waters" but all i got was a bunch of soggy bread#mmm soggy br
do not say it homer this is not the time#(finishing "bread") ead
dad i do not think you realize what you have done you have totally humiliated the best friend the simpsons ever had#you are right but you know who the real victim is here ? ned
that is what we have been trying to tell you#oh yeah
ext flanders house  a few moments later)#what is this ? (shocked) goodbye springfield
the flanders family has pulled up stakes you have laughed at us for the lastdiddilyast time#(sadly) lastdiddilyast ? (huge sob) he is gone and it is all someone's fault
(sternly) well homer you have driven away the best neighbor a family could ever want but at least we have a chance to start fresh  so let's be on our best behavior okay ?#do not worry marge i have taken every precaution
ext flanders' (former) house  later)#hi i am homer simpson i live next door (making conversation) so is that your whistle ?
damn straight (shaking homer's hand) clay roberts i coach wrestling so everyone calls me coach#um listen uh neighboreeno i want to start our relationship off on the right foot so if you need anything anything at all
(exasperated noise then yelling) that is coming from next door#do not worry i will straighten things out with coach clay we are good buddies we play this game called "who can punch the softest ?" and he always lets me win
do not worry i will straighten things out with coach clay we are good buddies we play this game called "who can punch the softest ?" and he always lets me win#hey coach do you mind turning down the music ? my baby's trying to take a nap
encourage me#(scared) lookin' good feel the burn
louder#(scared loud) you are a god i can not think of any more
just say "go go go"#go go go
chop shop (to camera) chop shop#(points to downed line) hey you knocked out my power how am i supposed to eat without watching tv ?
(poking homer's gut) yeah something tells me you will not starve huh ? (pokes him again) huh chief ? huh ? (pokes him again)#when are you gonna stop poking me ? will it be soon ?
relax dumbass oh by the way  i borrowed some gas from your car you dumbass#but i siphoned that gas from flanders (remembering fondly) flanders
huh ? what are you doing ? reminiscing like a woman ?#(teary) like a woman who is made the biggest mistake of her life
homer ? what are you doing here ?#(casual) oh i was just driving around the midatlantic states ringin' doorbells at random and i just (breaks down) oh who am i fooling with my awesome lies ? i want you to come back to springfield
why ? so you can make me a laughingstock again ?#after the party
after the party#no i wanna make you a respecting stock i do not know if you have noticed but i have borrowed a lot of your stuff over the years
(chuckles) well that is true in fact#(sweet) shut up flanders but some things i could never take from you your kindness your gentle spirit
your kindness your gentle spirit#(becoming more emotional) and your infinite patience with a big dumb jerk like me oh ned i do not deserve you as a neighbor but will you forgive a young handsome fool and come home ?
really ? well that is too bad 'cause i am not leaving see i like this place and i have already got fatso here broken in ain't that right fatso ?#(weak laugh) i am a little pudgy you got me yeah
why'd you do that ? i was beggin' for mercy#i saw my advantage and i took it that is what heroes do
ext flanders house  day)#okay ned get ready for your welcome home surprise
did you steal the organ from the church ?#maybe we do not know that for sure
it sure is great to look down my nose at everybody again mind if i waggle my finger a little bit ?#(smiles) go nuts
(smiles) go nuts#flanders okay that is it really irritating
int simpson house  dining room  later)#(angry) boy i can not believe you got expelled well do not expect to spend all week lying around on the couch like a bum 'cause that is my thing
bart i love you but sometimes i do not love your choices (sighs) now we have to find another school for you#and if you get kicked out of that one you are going straight in the army where you will be sent straight to america's latest military quagmire where will it be ? north korea ? iran ? anything's possible with commander cuckoo bananas in charge
think of the leg up you would have#how can we afford any of these private schools ? they are all so expensive if we want to throw good money after bad why do not we just get grampa that new pacemaker ?
i need two double a batteries now#get 'em from the smoke detector
what if there is a fire ?#(sagely) the smoke will wake us up
catholic schools are usually the most affordable private schools#(considering) catholic school eh ?
(considering) catholic school eh ?#that'll straighten you out boy there you do not just get bad grades  you go to hell
my pacemaker#(chuckles) classic grampa
you do ?#(moans) i did not need that new fact now i forgot who won bud bowl eight (points to bart) boy i am pulling you outta that crazy school
(firmly) do not you touch bead one (grabs rosary from him) homer maybe we should be concerned catholics can be a peculiar bunch  no birth control no meat on friday#(dawning anger) no meat ? what do they eat light bulbs ?
yes'm (makes sign of the cross) anima patri et filio et spiritui sancto#bart what the hell are you saying ?
that is latin dad the language of plutarch#mickey mouse's dog ?
no plutarch he chronicled the lives of the roman emperors#hey i am bart simpson's father and i am sick of you teaching my son your timetested values (brightening) hey what is that smell ?
we are having our monthly pancake dinner care to join us ?#(awestruck) you have transformed breakfast into dinner it is a miracle
(awestruck) you have transformed breakfast into dinner it is a miracle#(praying  la hail mary) log cabin full of taste my stomach is with thee blessed art thou among syrups and
que buenos cakeos de pano#(voracious eating then) all pancakes aside i really came here to talk about my son
i understand but can it wait 'til after bingo ?#bingo ? that is my favorite game i just can not remember what to yell out when you win
bingo#that is my favorite game i just can not remember what to yell out when you win
how 'bout you just say "yay i won"#bingo
i have never seen such masterful bingo playing what is your secret homer ?#(looks around loud whisper) you have to cheat
(looks around loud whisper) you have to cheat#uh listen is it true you priest guys can not ever you know
i will admit the vow of celibacy is one of our sterner challenges#celibacy ? i was talking about the meat on friday thing man you guys got more crazy rules than blockbuster video
well that is true but if you do break a rule you can always find absolution in the sacrament of confession#wait wait wait wait wait no matter what i did no matter how many people lost their pensions it is forgiven like (snaps fingers once) that ?
if you truly repent then yes#okay let's make some magic here (very quickly) i wiped a booger on your shirt i made a dog and a cat kiss i swiped a bolteddown tv from a holiday inn
ext evergreen terrace  day)#(still very quickly) i coveted the wife in "jaws 2" i lied to a waiter i masturbated eight million times and i have no plans to stop masturbating in the future
(still very quickly) i coveted the wife in "jaws 2" i lied to a waiter i masturbated eight million times and i have no plans to stop masturbating in the future#woo hoo i am clean (gestures heavenward) in your face lord
um not quite mr simpson i can only absolve you if you are a catholic#right and how do i join ? do i whale on some unitarians ?
well it is a little harder than that it begins by looking inside yourself#(anguished moan)
but it ends with bread and wine#woo hoo
homer you have been out all night and you look like you have accepted someone as your personal something were you at that catholic church ?#look marge i know i was supposed to yell at that priest but he is so cool he plays drums in a band with a bunch of other priests
i knew they'd try to convert you that is what they do well i am not having another twelve kids#marge no one is saying twelve nine ten tops see
forget it and you know i went to a catholic wedding once the incense ruined my pantsuit#marge relax (chuckles) i have never heard of anyone getting so upset about religion
where is homer and bart ?#wow up here that feels good
yes homer ?#transubstantiation
he cheated he is got it written on his arm#(chuckles)
(chuckles)#welcome to the jungle kevin
oh we have gotta stop 'em now once they seal the deal there is no turning back like the jews with their snippitysnip#marge what are you doing here ?
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#marge you bring bart home now once you go vatican you can not go back again
it wasn't a fair fight your church suckered him in with gory stories just like we were suckered into getting cinemax#face it marge  catholics rule we have got boston south america the good part of ireland and we are making serious inroads in mozambique baby
well i am gonna show bart that protestants can be hip too (defiant) how do you like those croutons ?#(moans) why does that woman thwart my sporadic interest in my children ? should not bart and i be able to choose our own religion if we want to ?
strange as it sounds dad i agree with you#bwa ?
we can not lose bart now that we are so close if i do i will be the worst priest ever well except for you know#(cough)
(feeling her hair) my hive my trademark hive#hop in boy we will show your mother our god kicks her god's butt
(dramatic) we got a real nailbiter here at milehigh stadium the broncos down by one and thirty seconds left on the clock#(unbearable anticipation) c'mon broncos you can do it
oh looky there denver just won the ballgame#(moan) the broncos won ? why did not i bet on them like professor pigskin told me to ?
(looks up from homework) who is professor pigskin ?#he is a pig who can predict football winners in advance
how is that possible ?#because he is got something no gambler's ever had a system
a system#(off her reaction) i have gotten the pamphlet four weeks in a row and every time the "pick of the week" has been right on the money
(sighs) i get it every week they send out two pamphlets half picking one team and half picking the other eventually there is a small group of people who only receive the correct predictions  and think professor pigskin is always right that is when they ask for your money#(gasps) i have money
dad it is a scam#a scam ? (examines pamphlet) not according to "eddie f from tucson" or "football millionaire in beloit michigan"
look all i am saying is you really should think twice before#(into phone) expiration date ohsix oheight
(into phone) expiration date ohsix oheight#(moans) professor pigskin told me to bet on the raiders but they look awful
(worried) dad how much money did you bet ?#hey i did not bet any of our money i just borrowed some from him
int fat tony's office  night)#(agonized noise) it is not my fault the raiders lost it is professor pigskin's
(to louie) if he mentions that pig again use two hammers#but the pig
but the pig#(two agonized noises)
a series of horny events"#(gasp of horror) marge would kill me please there is gotta be something else i can do like mow your lawn every week for two weeks (surly) i can not do it next week
(gasp of horror) marge would kill me please there is gotta be something else i can do like mow your lawn every week for two weeks (surly) i can not do it next week#(anguished noise) all right you can shoot your gay adult film at my house
int moe's  later)#(moans) they are shooting an adult film at my house tomorrow how am i gonna get rid of marge and the kids ?
well i got these free tickets to santa's village i know a guy who turns the dead sleighhorses into jerky and sells it to bars#thanks moe
i want to see santa he can explain why he gave me a playstation box with nothing inside but a coloring book#it got your hopes up did not it ?
homer before i take the kids i want you to swear you are not up to something#i swear
and i'd also like to know why your hand is in that cast#(sweetly) because you look even more beautiful now than the day i married you
what is this a reunion of "fahrenheit 9 on 1 ?"#(panicked) guys get out of here
homer how'd you ever get marge to go along with this ?#look if you promise never to tell her i will let you be in the movie
int simpson house  kitchen  simultaneous)#are you guys almost done ?
(angry) is this a snuggle film ?#um (thinking fast) you are in the wrong house lady
(extremely angry) how could you allow this in the room where we do puzzles ?#honey please just listen to what i have to say
(highly skeptical) all right#i owed the mafia money
(extremely infuriated murmur)#(very worried) where are you going ?
away from you#when will you be back ?
i do not know#who is gonna watch the kids ?
you are#me ? but i am the father
boy homer i have never seen mom this mad#honey come back you did not say bye to the kids
(angry) bye bart (smashes car) i love you lisa (smashes car) sleep tight maggie (smashes car) today's the last day you can eat the yogurt in the fridge#(sadly) well we'd better go eat that yogurt
(sadly) well we'd better go eat that yogurt#(unsure) kids i am sure your mother will be back soon
she should be back now it is dinner time#(upset) look we have been down this road before i do something stupid your mom leaves we eat waffles
all we have got is ketchup#(coyly) you mean "homer's famous marinara sauce"
no i mean ketchup#(shakes fist angrily) where is your sense of magic and wonder ?
(shakes fist angrily) where is your sense of magic and wonder ?#c'mon marge when are you gonna call ?
c'mon marge when are you gonna call ?#let it ring play hard to get (phone rings again) that is hard enough
let it ring play hard to get (phone rings again) that is hard enough#(quickly) ohmydarlingiloveyouplease forgiveme
hey homer#moe what are you calling me for ?
you told me to call you wanted to see if your phone was workin'#well what if marge tries to call while i am talking to you ?
well ain't you got call waitin' ?#(huffy) of course i have call waiting you idiot i just never learned how to use it
(huffy) of course i have call waiting you idiot i just never learned how to use it#uhoh that might have broken the phone i'd better call moe
hey homer#moe will you get off the line
int simpson house  living room)#(nonchalant) oh marge what a pleasant surprise
int simpson living room  continuous)#no no it is not gonna be like that i swear
no no it is not gonna be like that i swear#(to self) ew lemon cream you are goin' in the marge pile (into phone) i mean i love you so much
good girl yes yes this animal means you no harm she is a sweet old florida manatee also known as a sea cow or a dugong#(in phone) hello ? marge ? where do we keep the socks that do not smell like feet ?
(impressed murmur)#hello marge ?
hello marge ?#does the pizza guy take a check ? if so where do we keep the checks ? and lastly how do you write a check ?
int simpson car  later)#gotta find your mom gotta find your mom
and treated like i deserve#it was hard enough gettin' you in there i am not lettin' you out
(hispanic) oh yes seora left for the coast with a rugged yet sensitive man of science#(worried) rugged ? is that the same as handsome ?
oh no no handsome means he look at himself in the mirror all day rugged means you look at him#(extremely anguished moan)
ew#okay kids we will stop for the day i have cousins near here we will stay with them
country cousins ? are they rubes ? 'cause i do not cotton to rubes#oh the rubiest (sees something) ooh look a new restaurant chain
(excited) can we say it is my birthday and get free stuff ?#we will say it is all our birthdays
(uncomfortable murmur)#(to kids loud whisper) i warned you he was an idiot (hillbilly voice) well all i need is some moonshine and someone playin' the harmonakey and i am as happy as a pig in plop
(dryly) we are having lasagna and caesar salad#(to kids loud whisper) do not laugh they are doing the best they can
so homer how are you ?#oh just great things could not be better
(syrupy southern accent) and how is our lovely marge ?#she uh was killed by a falling air conditioner
oh why that is terrible#it wasn't all bad as part of the settlement her funeral was air conditioned
it wasn't all bad as part of the settlement her funeral was air conditioned#now if you will excuse me i have to use the outhouse again
int chicken coop  continuous)#(angry) you lost that first game to hustle me
what am i supposed to do bury them at arlington ? (eating noises)#(tentative) marge ?
homer ?#these are for you
ooo#listen i thought about what i did and it was really really wrong (sincerely) i am sorry
homie i accept your apology#i love you marge
but i am not coming back yet#(too big) wha ?
i have found a place where i am needed#you are needed at home
you are needed at home#you are needed at home
i am sorry homie i just can not find it in my heart to come back right now#well that is very reasonable
well that is very reasonable#you stole my wife i will kill you
a purpose#(awed) wow i can see why she loves you
she does not love me she is just trying to find herself#(infatuated) you know everything
i do not know everything i am just a man#and what a man
ext southern coastal town  day)#okay the key to this thing is the manatees is marge saving them or killing them ?
saving#okay to save the manatees i guess i could donate my time and money and help them build a eh screw that
aw man i just wish we could see their tears#(to jet skiers) why do not you pick on someone your own size ?
in fact they are bigger than us#look if it were up to me i'd be harassing them with you if anything i'd be the guy who took it too far but i love my wife and i want to win her back
bravery and tattoos that look like barbed wire let's go#(chuckles to self) rubes
what did you call us ?#(defiant) catch me if you can
(defiant) catch me if you can#manatees  defend
homer are you okay ? how many fingers am i holding up ? (holds up three fingers)#poor dumb country mouse can not even count (passing out noise)
ext dock  later)#(moans)
oh my sweet sweet homie you sacrificed yourself for the manatees#(babbling) rubes so many rubes pounding me with their jet skis rubes please no rubes
(babbling) rubes so many rubes pounding me with their jet skis rubes please no rubes#(manateetype bleats)
i am gonna take you home and fix you up 'cause you are the real endangered species a devoted husband#marge i am always amazed you chose me
and i always will#woo hoo
amen#hey since we have got the kids with us why do not we all take a few days of muchneeded r and r ?
do not you have to be back at work ?#yes (slyly) but i have got a friend who owes me a solid
ext simpson house  early morning)#(unconscious grooving noises)
(annoyed muffled murmur)#(grooving noise)
it is seven am what are they cockadoodilydoin' ?#flanders i can not listen to your crap before my coffee
okilydokily here's some french roast now i will go make toast#(sips coffee to self) stupid best friend flanders
a stamp museum ?#(huge groan) stamps ? those are for snail mail (yelling to workmen) stamps rule i mean suck
well they just can not start building in our neighborhood without asking us what ever happened to "please" and "thank you" ?#i think they killed each other you know one of those murdersuicide deals (sips coffee)
we have to stop all this construction the noise is jiggling my grapes to the bottom of the jello#(bitter) what man would want this now ?
(bitter) what man would want this now ?#(leading chant) two four six eight i hate stamps they are not great
(leading chant) two four six eight i hate stamps they are not great#okay how about this ? seven four three one oh wait that is my pin number everyone forget that
instead of a stamp museum we will be next door to a graveyard ?#look at the bright side marge when i die you can mourn me from the bathroom that is multitasking
oh sure you can sweetie just do not make a habit of it#okay just let me clear some space
so that is why i have been smelling margaritas at three am#hey i love waking up drunk in the morning
hey i love waking up drunk in the morning#(moans)
oh wait a minute there is no batteries in this thing#i uh needed them for my remote control helicopter
tonight i want you to really try to sleep in your own bed because homer stop that#there is a little plastic man in your hair and i am trying to rescue him
there is a little plastic man in your hair and i am trying to rescue him#(saluting soldier) no soldier left behind
(annoyed) homer can you help me out here ?#(sweetly) lisa honey if you sleep in your own bed tomorrow we will do something special just for you
int car  continuous)#i can not believe it took us forty minutes to get here why can not they build a stamp museum closer to our house ?
dad you fought tooth and nail to get it away from our house#lisa when you have sustained as many blows to the head as i have consistency is something something that something (woozy) i love you bart
hey simpsons that'll be forty bucks#(moans) i thought it was twenty
(chuckle) yeah that is per axle park over there in carl four no early outs#i can not believe you are making money off this
you guys need water ?#no one's gonna pay a buck to drink water from your hose  (annoyed grunt)
(dignified woman) thanks to me katherine blodgett we have nonreflecting glass#(to himself) butter face
(booming) and i am jumbo shrimp maximum two servings#(to self) that is bull (bleep) man
i do not care what apu was in a past life in this life he is a blabbermouth#oh and that dr hibbert was so boring "homer we have got to get that lump checked out homer we must discuss your test results homer we have got to find you a donor" blah blah blah blah blah blah
i did not know grownups said bad things about other grownups#lisa
lisa#you see sweetie when a mommy and a daddy are married for years and have nothing new to talk about they badmouth their closest friends
i know i am sorry#oh and i spy with my little eye something with four legs that can not run
homer we are not really playing#(moans)
is it the chair ? (points to chair)#exactly now what has two ears but can not hear ?
grampa ?#(sad) tragically yes
(trying to change subject) what if we show lisa we can sleep in her room without being frightened ? hm ?#okay marge but do not be surprised if a snuggle monster shows up
well i hope he is accompanied by the "how was your day" monster and the "foot rub" monster and the let me just#(gloomy) do not worry he is not showin' up
(scared noises)#boy lisa's room really is scary
(not seeing billy) all i see is an empty grave why do not you fill it ya lazy bastard ?#finally back in the only safe bedroom in the house
what about bart's bedroom ?#you know that racecar bed i made him ?
yeah#the brakes are shot
ow#learn to drive boy
did you bring those home movies of your daughter i asked for ?#uh this is all i could find (hands her cassette)
uh this is all i could find (hands her cassette)#(furious) why you very little
who was filming that scene ?#stationary camera
four thousand dollars ?#now marge when our little girl's happiness is at stake
now marge when our little girl's happiness is at stake#run marge start the car
i am not chasing you mr simpson#and you will not unless you can leap through fire
ext springfield cemetery  early evening)#(calling) lisa lisa
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#where is lisa boy ? (brandishes book) this book's gonna solve all her problems
ext cemetery  night)#although if we were evil spirits we'd probably assume the shape of your parents
homer#marge we owe her the truth
ext graveyard  dawn)#(worried) lisa honey please wake up if you do i will get you a new pony
(suddenly awake) new pony ?#uh this is still part of your dream dreaming dreaming now you are awake
that is not what you do with a hymnal (then sees something os) homer#i forgot to floss this morning
heal my scabs lord#praise the lord i can walk again (off their looks) what my foot fell asleep
(frustrated noise) oh sugarbooger#(entering) aw poor maggie
homer do not touch her you have never had chicken pox#(sulky) i know and you did and you are great
oh i am just saying it is very dangerous if you get it as an adult it could leave you sterile (then whispers) down there#oh you always gotta work blue do not ya marge ?
oh you always gotta work blue do not ya marge ?#(to marge) you are better than that
(to marge) you are better than that#(muttering) can not even go in my own kitchen bart's in there right now licking frosting off my eggbeaters
(chuckles) i will just leave it here in the dog's mouth#noooo bart that is a really bad storage area
hey homer why the sour puss ? didja chugalug a skunky snapple ?#i dunno maybe plus my wife will not let me inside because the baby's got chicken pox
really ? do you mind if i bring my boys over so she can infect rod and todd ? then there'll be a pox on both our houses#why would you do that ? are you a bad parent ?
au contraire man with no hair you see rod and todd can only get the chicken pox once and childhood's the safest time#(thoughtful) so you want maggie to infect your kids ?
you betcha in fact some parents have been known to hold "pox parties" so other kids in the neighborhood can get the disease when they please#and would they pay handsomely for the privilege ?
well they might but you would have to be awfully moneygrubbing to charge your friends and neighbors#(hucksterstyle) fifteen dollars to infect your kids
(hucksterstyle) fifteen dollars to infect your kids#now featuring the pox box (quickly) pox box not recommended for pregnant or nursing women like any disease box results may vary pox box
normally i am not one to laugh at a man's urinary blockage but you shoulda seen it oh there he is (embarrassed chuckle)#( la boxing announcer) ladies and gentlemen presenting the sister with the blisters the tot with all the spots maggie
i never drank one of these without a cigarette in it#now kids in lieu of one of those inflatable jumping things please welcome mr krusty the clown
(somewhat tipsy) almost anyone's got a chance now#goodbye thanks for coming if my party made you sick tell your friends
int bathroom  continuous)#mr stomach are you hungry ? (mr stomach voice) i am always hungry now make with the pizza fatso (regular voice) (chuckles) you are the stomach
mr stomach are you hungry ? (mr stomach voice) i am always hungry now make with the pizza fatso (regular voice) (chuckles) you are the stomach#i have to do this for work
all right we get it#(scared) marge what is happening to me ?
oh homie you got chicken pox (weary) but how ?#i do not know i kept away from maggie all day
i do not know i kept away from maggie all day#(tosses them down then) i am so itchy
(beingusedasabackscratcher noises)#(satisfied noise) oh yeah
you sit in this oatmeal awhile and it will send your itchies packing (seeing something) homer#mmm homeroats
stop eating the oatmeal that is the third tub you have eaten#y'ello ? no i am not coming into work i have chicken pox (beat) i know i said that last month but i was lying
y'ello ? no i am not coming into work i have chicken pox (beat) i know i said that last month but i was lying#right right right right okay right i love you bye
right right right right okay right i love you bye#i just got fired better check the "want ads"
i just got fired better check the "want ads"#ooh "truck drivers needed in iraq"
ooh "truck drivers needed in iraq"#trucks are like big cars
stop sleeping with my husband#(calmly) okeydoke and you are
the wife of your wife's lover#(writes then oblivious) will she know what this is regarding ?
(frustrated noise) you moron marge is having an affair with kirk#(scoff) that is ridiculous no woman would want to have sex with that loser (realizing belated) and uh congratulations on snagging him back good stuff
never mind about those two just answer me one question how did your wife's bra end up in my husband's bed ?#(shocked) thisthis is marge's bra i bought it for her boobs (sobs)
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#of all the people for marge to cheat on why did it have to be me ?
oh boy am i beat if you wanna return a melon to the grocery store clear your day#well that answers the mystery of the missing melon but i have one more question did you sleep with kirk van houten ?
(gasp) how could you ask me that ?#i repeat did you sleep with kirk ?
homer you are crazy#you are not saying no
fine no#i am still not hearing no
no no no#well methinks the lady doth protest too much
get out of this house#gladly
dad i thought mom kicked you out of the house#(dignified) i came to get my mail
(dignified) i came to get my mail#(sadly) resident occupant i can not open these (happily) ooh a traffic ticket (he opens it)
(sadly) resident occupant i can not open these (happily) ooh a traffic ticket (he opens it)#(sobs) i'd do anything to get your mother and that donut back
(cutting her off) lisa we do not need to know how it is just a natural thing that happens like a hurricane or going to war#well i'd better go
where are you staying ?#you know the four seasons ? well i am experiencing them first hand because i am living in the park
so i got your note saying you wanted to meet here to apologize#well i got your note saying you were gonna bring me a bucket of potato salad
(firmly) where is my apology ?#(firmly) where is my bucket ?
(terrified gasp)#bart we are all disappointed there is no potato salad but for god's sake do not jump
(screams)#i am acomin' boy
this is all my fault i planted mom's bra in milhouse's parents' bed#why you little
just do it trust me#okay
mom dad i'd give a kajillion dollars for you to get back together#(firmly) make it two kajillion
homer#we will lose the first kajillion to taxes
(thinks then) well i guess you showed you do trust me after all#of course i do the only thing i can not believe is that a woman as great as you would be married to me
i am afraid your son is in a deep deep coma from which he will never emerge#i guess we should count our blessings he is not dead
a robot ?#wow a robot kid would be a blast we can confuse him and make his head explode (robot voice) "this statement is a lie (panicked) but if it is a lie then it must be true but if it is true then it must be" (sirens) kaboom
(grimly) time to destroy the one who did this to me#(to salesman) now i am a man who likes to strangle his kids do you think i could
(friendly) sure let him have it#(angry) why you metal
(robotic strangling noise)#(impressed) wow the windpipe is incredibly responsive
david is so helpful#and he is great with the neighbors
more waffles father ?#nice and hoto mr roboto
nice and hoto mr roboto#david you are by far the best son i have ever had (sees something os) uhoh
did you replace me with this tinkertoy ?#replace is such an ugly word we upgraded
i will comply#here make me a kitty
i hate going to the zoo i feel so sorry for the animals#lisa the zoo opens up a whole new world for the animals in the wild they would never experience boredom obesity loss of purpose you know the american dream
ext road  wooded area  later)#i am really sorry but our family just can not handle both of you boys i hope that somewhere deep in your data banks you process fond memories of us
int car  continuous)#the sad part is there were times when i actually had feelings for you i almost felt i was your father
what are you talking about ?#david feels and your mother will agree when i tell her that it is best for our family if you are no longer in it
(calling) we are still going to the toy store right ? (a little scared) and i can pick out as many toys as i want ?#(far away) no toys
int simpson house  day)#(awkward upbeat) heyyy it is bart super
you told me he was at culinary school#you wanted to believe the lie
to get me you will have to go through your fa#(moans) those were my good pants
well the important thing is we are a family again#this stinks i have got stubby little robot legs and an ass that is not equipped for an adult diet
the power of christ compels thee (flicks holy water at homer)#(ferocious demonic ravings)
(ferocious demonic ravings)#(more demonic ravings)
(sighs) i will call work and tell them he can not make it#(normal voice) woo hoo
(normal voice) woo hoo#(chuckles) suckers
please do not accept this invitation dad hunting is cruel#honey animals do not feel death that was proved by the scientists at black angus
and there is bananas in that tree up there (points)#they look a little green
you can not escape me simpson  you are not smart enough#yes i am (catching himself) i mean (jungle bird noises)
yes i am (catching himself) i mean (jungle bird noises)#(stagy) oh no i have been killed
(stagy) oh no i have been killed#outfoxed 'im with the corpse of my best friend heehee
done and done#(shocked) marge you saved me
(shocked) marge you saved me#what was that for ?
staying out eighteen hours and not calling home once#(loving) aw i can not stay mad at you when that pan smells like sausage and onions
(as if to children) i am turning you into your costumes#(defiant) well are you gonna talk about it or are you gonna do it ?
oh this is not fair i wasn't wearing a costume#(moans) marge is not home
but what will junkies do drugs under ?#they will bounce back son they are a strong people
they will bounce back son they are a strong people#(giggles) ooh ooh i wanna ride the bumper cars
(wiseguy voice) whoa sir we are dismantling this ride it is not safe#i call the red one
ext another area of the pier  later)#a strongman ? are you for sale ? 'cause i need someone to throw a birdbath at my neighbor
robusto is not for sale but would you like to buy my last dumbbell ?#hmmm i suppose i could use a little toning
hmmm i suppose i could use a little toning#(vibrating) i will give you five dollars for it
homie if i buy a bicycle built for two will you ride with me ?#(distracted) marge i do not hate your mother i just will not be sad when she dies (lifting weight) fortyseven fortyeight
(distracted) marge i do not hate your mother i just will not be sad when she dies (lifting weight) fortyseven fortyeight#(distracted) yeah sure whatever you want (lifting weight) ninetyfive ninetysix thirteen sixtyfour banana
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#you want me to ride a whatsickle built for who ?
our tandem bicycle when i bought it you said you would ride with me#but i am watching television (gestures to tv with free hand) a lot of people worked hard on this show
int simpson house  master bedroom  morning)#(sleepy) three hundred and six (yawns) three hundred and seven
(gasp of joy) i'd love to i will be right wait (then wary) are you sure you are not just trying to get me to make pizza for breakfast ?#woo hoo pizza for breakfast
(touched) awww i will be right down#hello domino's ? what do you mean you are not open ? (growing anger) no you call me back during business hours (furious) i will show you who is a recorded message
do not do that that hurts careful careful#hey what is the big idea of getting trapped under that thing ?
homer how'd your right arm get so strong ?#just liftin' this dumbbell
just liftin' this dumbbell#fortynine thousand nine hundred and ninetynine fifty thousand
stop the showcase#i am pretty happy with this baby now it is lefty's turn
oh no you do not i just got an idea#wha ? hey you
i got a new liver and i am breakin' it in#(nerd voice) excuse me mr bartender sir may i have a sugarfree ginger ale ? and uh make it flat  the bubbles burn my buds
where are you two going ?#i am joining the professional armwrestling circuit
uhhuh and how will this affect your job at the power plant ?#(shrugs) negatively i assume
(chipper) oh well we are off to buy a new tea set have fun#(disappointed) gee she did not seem angry or anything maybe she does not care anymore
forget about it homer she is dead to you now#(unsure) okay
ext american legion hall  capitol city  evening)#(moan) i can not believe marge has not called me maybe i should go home
oh marge called you (lying) she said uh that she loves you and she hopes you break the guy's arm so hard that it pokes through his skin#did she say anything else ?
yeah she said to shut up and stop asking questions and listen to moe#(touched) oh marge i love her so much
now homer you gotta keep your head in the game all right ? your first opponent is lefty "the righty" leftwright#(worried) he looks tough
in his fight against illiteracy#i can relate i have fought that foe and lost many times
i can relate i have fought that foe and lost many times#moe i am starting to have grave doubts about this thing i barely liked in the first place
c'mon homer we can make it all the way to the quarterfinals for the eastern division class b over thirtyfive amateur grouping#sorry moe the place for my arm is around my wife
(sings) sweet home alabama / where the skies are so blue#(sings) sweet home alabama
(sings) sweet home alabama#(sings) lord i am coming home to you / (shouting) alabama
(sings) lord i am coming home to you / (shouting) alabama#marge spending time with you is more important to me than all the pieeating contests in the world
i thought it was arm wrestling#i was in a pieeating contest on the way home now let's go to bed
ooh my little pretty one my pretty one / when you gonna give me some time sharona / ooh you make my motor run my motor run / got it comin' off o' the line sharona / never gonna stop give it up such a dirty mind / i always get it up for the touch of the younger kind / my my my ayeaye whoa /#that song is a pop music footnote (beat) i did not say stop
int simpson house  late afternoon)#(sings) 'tis the season to be jolly
midjune ? (points out window)#kids this is the holiest night of the year tomorrow is father's day and that makes tonight father's day eve
hey simpson are you gonna steal the sign ?#(singing) joy to the world a father's born / let me receive great gifts
dad there is no such thing as "father's day eve"#no father's day eve does this mean there is no such thing as daddy claus ?
(sighs) fine there is a daddy claus#(brightening) is there a super bowl bunny ?
sure why not#(giggles)
bart lisa we have got to get to the mall before it closes#(very coy) oh can i come with you ? i know i can not (gleeful chuckle)
ext simpson house  establishing  morning)#what a great father's day
here you go dad i hope you like it i have forgotten what it is#(dreamily) a leatherbuddy there is no limit to what i can do with this
(dreamily) a leatherbuddy there is no limit to what i can do with this#fear not m'lady captain dash superstud is here with his small tool
oh captain you are so handy#bart this is the greatest present i ever received to open another gift now would be like following the london philharmonic with jessica simpson (sweetly) whatchu got lisa ?
bart this is the greatest present i ever received to open another gift now would be like following the london philharmonic with jessica simpson (sweetly) whatchu got lisa ?#what the hell is this ?
(selling as she is flipping) what do you think ? huh ? huh ? pretty heartfelt huh ? (very needy) huh ?#(politely) oh it is heartfelt there is no escaping that (chuckle) thanks honey
you did not like it did you ?#no no no it is great i am done with it now
int kitchen  moments later)#(kindly) aw is not that cute ?
(sniffling) oh dad how could you ?#(defensive) it is not my fault lousy magnet
(breaks into sobs)#(quickly to self) "happy birthday dad from lisa"
(quickly to self) "happy birthday dad from lisa"#(annoyed grunt)
ext simpson house  back yard  day)#i still do not understand how her feelings can be hurt it is my day
she is not going to get over this quickly  i know women#yeah but i know how to win women back i even won you back after i lost our wedding album in a bar bet
(shocked) you what ?#i mean i will win you back
ext springfield googleplex theater  day)#i am sorry i made you feel bad honey but i am gonna show you just how much i care about your feelings (to ticket seller) one adult and one baby please
i am not a baby a baby is zero to two#(to ticket seller) her first words (loud whisper to lisa) play along it is fifty cents less for babies
i'd rather not go than lie#how you doin' ? (making conversation) so is that your jacket on the back of that chair ?
your daughter broke a window upended an ashcan and hurled a thermosbrand thermos onto the street#(upset) does it still keep hot drinks hot and cold drinks cold ?
i am afraid it does not keep any drinks anything#(huge gasp)
i am afraid lisa's rage stems from extraordinary disillusionment with a parental figure in this case her father#oh yeah oh sure it is easy to point out my faults it is a little harder to shut up
mr simpson lisa is at a crucial juncture if she does not see her father as a positive role model she could hate men for the rest of her life#(anguished) oh i know but how can i undo eight years of jerkiness in two easy sessions at no cost to me ?
the school is looking for a new "safety salamander" when lisa sees you teaching children to avoid downed power lines it could restore her faith in you and the male gender#i do not know what happened to the last safety salamander ?
uh he fell asleep in the suit and suffocated#(excited) i can do that
int simpson house  living room  day)#okay lisa time for daddy's big surprise
(screams)#(chuckles) sometimes it is scary when your dreams come true is not it sweetie ?
(unconvinced) i guess#yeah now i am off to bring safety to springfield elementary and win back your love
(surprised yelp)#what is that honey ? i can not hear you very well
(startled sputtering)#(exiting like superman) salamander awayyy
(exiting like superman) salamander awayyy#sorry bart
int school bus  continuous)#the first rule of bus safety is always wear your seat belt
school buses do not have seat belts#then what protects you if we crash ?
a metal bar at tooth level#stop this bus
int bus  continuous)#look lisa i made safety happen
int springfield school auditorium  day)#safety tip ninetynine always doublebolt your easel
always doublebolt your easel#(anguished scream) sonofa (then calmly) questions ? comments ?
are you a girl ? 'cause i do not see a salawiener#(coy) did i hear "where are the fireworks ?" 'cause heeere they are
(terrified) ahhhh#every man for himself trample if you must
every man for himself trample if you must#(babbling) safety safety die for safety
ext school  afternoon)#so sweetie am i your hero again ?
janey's father just takes her to the zoo once a month could not you be that kind of dad ?#now honey you know daddy's not allowed in the zoo anymore
oh yeah#but i will never stop trying to redeem myself in your eyes
(cheers)#(a little worried) i do not know
springfield needs a hero and it needs one now#this looks like a job for a dad trying to win back his daughter's love
my mother's still in the car#no she is not
three cheers for our new hero#only three ?
okay six#that is more like it
(quickly) hip hip hurray hip hip hurray#(modestly) please you are embarrassing me
dad we have got to do something#what can i do ? i am only one man
lincoln was only one man#are you sure there wasn't a midget in his hat ? i read an email that said there was
look as the safety salamander you are beloved by all and if you were the mayor we could make sure that only good people like me tell you what to do#hmmm (dramatically) i will run for mayor
and i will be your campaign manager#and i will find out what a mayor does
and i will find out what a mayor does#expand my brain learning juice
ext springfield square  establishing)#oh i hate press conferences
homie you might score more points if you did not wear that salamander suit you look like the mascot for some horrible southern college#marge without this outfit i am just homer simpson multiple felon with it i am a costumed hero like george washington or dame edna
marge without this outfit i am just homer simpson multiple felon with it i am a costumed hero like george washington or dame edna#today marks a new dawn for springfield this salamander is sitting on eggs labeled "elder care" "flextime" and "downtown pedestrian mall" and those eggs are ready to hatch
(cheers wildly)#now i will take your questions
uh what special powers would a salamander bring to the office of mayor ?#(making it up) well there is my xray vision my fire breath and i can get big laughs with tennis balls
(making it up) well there is my xray vision my fire breath and i can get big laughs with tennis balls#(highpitched) bloop bloop bloop bloop bloop bloop
mr simpson what about those photos of you strangling your child ?#why should we let this election be influenced by a photo taken hours ago ?
why should we let this election be influenced by a photo taken hours ago ?#now restaurant matchbooks for everyone
(to dog) i um i do not feel so good blue#(chuckles) hey people may not love homer simpson but they love this suit (chuckles) just like they love their stupid american flag
(disgusted noise) what is that smell ?#it is the smell of impending victory (vomit noise)
did you just vomit in that suit ?#a little
(disgusted noise) have you cleaned that suit once since you got it ?#no but i swam in it
(disgusted sound) i'd better wash that thing it is hard to know where the suit ends and you begin#(seductive) but are not you gonna have fun finding out ?
no#that is weird he started off as an egg
sir how would you restore our city's crumbling infrastructure ?#that is an excellent question kent first of all
that is an excellent question kent first of all#what the ? it must have shrunk when my wife washed it
si si#that is right i am a man the man who dressed like a salamander to win back his daughter's love let's meet her now
that is right i am a man the man who dressed like a salamander to win back his daughter's love let's meet her now#uh well my son is here too let's meet him now
we are sick of you and your hatchlings#please stop throwing fruit
please stop throwing fruit#(woozy noise)
well dad you tried to make this town a better place and no matter what that makes you my hero#aw thanks now how 'bout a dance with your daddy ?
aw thanks now how 'bout a dance with your daddy ?#i can not believe i lost after ben affleck campaigned day and night for me
yeah i warned you about that#whups be careful of my tail
you do not have a tail anymore#(confused) i still feel it it is so itchy (scratches) itchy
yay#(mouth filling with sausage noises)
you are lisa's brother#hey nobody pushes around my precious bundle of joy (looking at baby) whoops wrong one
hey nobody pushes around my precious bundle of joy (looking at baby) whoops wrong one#i will take that too slow drooly joe peekaboo i steal from you
sir you wanna set the baby down ? do not worry i just want to talk#silly rabbit kicks are for ribs
(excited) tea ? in the parlor ?#(yells out window) you are like all easter bunnies  can not take a punch to the crotch maybe next time you will think twice before you (mocking) volunteer to help children oh hey marge
(weakly) this is my husband homer#(laughs) ladies marge is there a small rip in my pants ?
way to blow our tea marge that is the last refrigerator magnet calendar you get from me#we throw those out anyway
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#(as fingers) hey good looking wanna snuggle with "tyrannosaurus sex" ?
ext inside the colosseum  a little later)#oh come on honey you have lots of friends there is uh (searching) lisa andthe stove
oh come on honey you have lots of friends there is uh (searching) lisa andthe stove#oh that poor woman i am gonna find her a friend someone cute athletic with a nice laugh
(shocked gasp) my husband and my best friend#it is a risk i will have to take
int supermarket  day)#son i need to find a new friend for your mother so you are gonna have to finish the shopping yourself
we are on food stamps ?#i wish i made these at work
i wish i made these at work#(to self) hmmm i bet she'd be a good friend for marge (excited) she looks defeated too
(to self) hmmm i bet she'd be a good friend for marge (excited) she looks defeated too#psst psst
psst psst#hey marge where you goin' ?
hey marge where you goin' ?#(sadly) why does every woman i try to talk to run into cans ?
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#marge i did it i found a woman to be your new friend she is waiting in the living room
(annoyed) i am going out for some air#(to cat lady) i bet you can not throw a cat over the house
("oh yeah ?"type ravings)#huh i was wrong
for your information i am now a junior member of the cheery red tomatoes#(incredulous) marge in a gang ? (chuckles sarcastic) what're you gonna do shoot me with a frosting gun ? (sincere) seriously i would love that
oh (nervous fumfering) uh uh bird watching#wait a minute if she is going bird watching (holds up book) why did she leave our "peterson's field guide to birds" on the kitchen counter ?
wait a minute if she is going bird watching (holds up book) why did she leave our "peterson's field guide to birds" on the kitchen counter ?#(loud gasp) roadrunners are real
idioto idioto idioto#now let's see what marge is up to (leafing through) "recipes" "dress patterns" "toaster undercoating agreement" "heist plans" (gasps)
now let's see what marge is up to (leafing through) "recipes" "dress patterns" "toaster undercoating agreement" "heist plans" (gasps)#(shocked) burns' mansion ? that is mr burns' mansion
ext springfield street  night)#(to self panicky) i gotta stop marge from doing something reckless and irresponsible
i got the combination from burns after i let him feel me up during the depression (dials) zero to the right zero to the left back to zero#marge i wanted to save you from the cops but the cops followed me (incredibly panicked) game over man game over (notices women) so are you gonna introduce me to your friends ?
why you are all women#i am not
i suppose but you are certainly buxom and flirty#oh well (coyly) i try to have a good time
oh no jury on earth will convict a bunch of moisteyed mothers i will tell you what ladies give me my eggs back and i will let you go#(sobs) and tell me i am not fat
(appreciative chuckling)#listen marge no matter where you go in this life you will always have one friend who loves you body and soul
listen marge no matter where you go in this life you will always have one friend who loves you body and soul#and marge there are certain things i can do for you that no other friend can special things (knowing chuckle)
int homer's workstation  continuous)#(hitting buttons to tune of "charge" song you hear at baseball games) bomp bomp bomp bomp
(hitting buttons to tune of "charge" song you hear at baseball games) bomp bomp bomp bomp#(rising in pitch) bomp bomp bomp bomp bomp bomp bomp bomp
(rising in pitch) bomp bomp bomp bomp bomp bomp bomp bomp#(sings) do do do do / do dooo
simpson#charge i mean yes sir ?
i just bought a new car a nice foreign number the lamborgotti fasterossa#a lamborgotti fasterossa ? that is the car i think about when i make love to my wife
yes i need you to pick up my car at the factory in italy and ship it directly back to me i will save thousands in taxes#(excited) you are sending me to italy ?
(smiling) yes#(excited) can i take my family ?
(smiling) sure#do i have to hang out with them ?
it would be nice#(long anguished moan)
int plane  flying  day)#hey that guy in first class is taking a tv out of his armrest
hey that guy in first class is taking a tv out of his armrest#(to armrest) what is in you ?
(to armrest) what is in you ?#(bitter) a buncha stupid cables
i think dad may blow your cover#(eagerly) that flag is mine do not mess with texas
(eagerly) that flag is mine do not mess with texas#shock and awe losers shock and awe
(impressed) ooh marriage#now we have to drive it straight to rome where it will be shipped to mr burns in springfield
gee i wish we could explore a little more of italy#marge are you encouraging me to be irresponsible ?
(bitter) why do not you encourage him to get us some health insurance ?#(furious) why you little
(choking noises)#(passing out noise)
ext pisa  day)#wow i have seen photos of this but you can not really experience it until you are here
wow i have seen photos of this but you can not really experience it until you are here#a mcdonald's where you can get booze
dad do not you want to turn around and see the tower ?#eh there is a picture of it on my cup
when mount vesuvius erupted people were overcome by volcanic ash so fast that they were frozen in whatever position they were in at the moment of their death#savages
(looking out window) we have passed the ponte vecchio bridge three times i think we are lost#let me check the navigation system
let me check the navigation system#it says that we should turn left at a fat chick in a tutu being fed by a midget
that is a dvd of a fellini movie#i get it  the midget represents dwarves
(terrified) mozzarella parmigiano provolone pecorino gorgonzola fontina tallegio bocconcini#do not worry we got the cheese insurance
(looking at policy) it does not cover mortadella#nooooo
ext country road  evening)#(grumbling) stupid italy wish you would never been unified by victor emmanuel the second if only you would stayed a loose confederation of citystates trading with each other and occasionally warring
maybe there is a mechanic in this tuscan village#hey do you know anything about fixing sports cars ?
(confused) scusi ?#(loudly) it is a lamborgotti fasterosa xt 550 with abs sport tech package
ehhh americano ?#americano ? what the hell could that mean ? why can not you people learn to speak my language ? i learned to eat your food
hey she says the mayor speaks english#i honor you and your country
how did you wind up here ?#yes tell us your story but it better have a beginning a middle and an end (sternly) and you would better make us root for the protagonist
my tale begins after i had once again attempted to murder bart#okay so far i am rootin' for ya
this is my bride francesca and my son gino#holy moley
holy moley#i always thought you were you know "out loud and proud"
well i experimented in college as one does#yeah i never went to college
(frowning) bob you have not told your wife about all the terrible things you have done ?#yeah i tell marge everything not necessarily in words but in body language  you know sneaking around and such
and literature is filled with tales of redemption from jean valjean to the voice of buzz lightyear tim allen#all right bob we will not tell your beautiful new family that you are a homicidal psychopath  if you fix up our car
(loud whisper) dad do not act like mussolini#i thought i was doing donald trump
here's a cute fact this sausage shop has been grinding the same family of pigs for six hundred years#prego ?
prego ?#(mouth full) i love you marge (mouth full kissing noises)
(gasp of horror)#(screams) sideshow bob
(hung over) i feel so sick#(chuckles) it is called a hangover sweetie and it is an unavoidable part of life
(furious) where is my roadster ? you were due back a month ago#mr burns we may be experiencing some technical difficulties
int burns' office  continuous)#(chuckles)
dad you are driving on an ancient roman aqueduct#what am i supposed to use it for  transporting water to distant urban centers ?
what am i supposed to use it for  transporting water to distant urban centers ?#(worried) uhoh
(worried) uhoh#lazy romans
(scream ending abruptly)#everyone remember where we parked
hey krusty's in an opera here in rome he can save our lives come on let's go#(loud moan) opera ? (whiny) they have that here too ?
tell ya what put on these costumes (gestures to costumes) go on the stage and mix in with the crowd scenes he will not kill ya in front of all those witnesses#can i be the phantom of the opera ?
dad the phantom is not in this#but i do a great impression of him
but i do a great impression of him#(imitating phantom) i am the gayest supervillain ever beware my scented candles oooooo scented
(relieved cheers)#it is so beautiful
that is sideshow bob#i know and he is magic
(sings) when a wife looks like that / and her husband's so fat that is amore / when she kisses that jerk / while i do all the work / that is a#hey knock it off
where is reverend lovejoy ? he is never been late for christmas service#maybe he is cheating on us with the episcopalians
maybe he is cheating on us with the episcopalians#(jealous) look at 'em with their bright airy narthex and light flaky eucharist (intrigued) i would not mind dipping my hand in their font
(worried) now there is no one to deliver the sermon#(cocky) did anyone order a hero ?
(cocky) did anyone order a hero ?#okay christmas christmas you know how your paper boy always sends you a christmas card with his home address on it ? what is up with that ?
(angry) i wanted you to tip me#no tip till they bring back hagar the horrible
that is not my decision#(sarcastic) oh it is never anybody's decision anyhoo i'd like to tell you all a little story i call "the first christmas"
ext nazareth (1 bc)  day)#a carpenter named joseph was about to get some frankly preposterous news
int first church of springfield  continuous)#( la paul harvey) and did you know that little baby jesus grew up to be jesus ?
(dawning) ohhh#i know it is weird is not it ?
ext springfield elementary  day)#(stands up) my god it is over (to audience) we are free
it is not over it is just intermission#i said we are free
ext town square  day)#(moans) i hope i never hear that godawful nutcracker music again
(singing) 'cause christmas eve is here (spoken) oy#(singing) i told grampa we'd be away
merry christmas homie i think you are really gonna like this#that is great now i will just get my present for you which is (covering) right outside the door (exits)
that is great now i will just get my present for you which is (covering) right outside the door (exits)#oh my god i forgot to get marge a present
ext springfield street  seconds later)#(singing) i need a present for my wife / or i will have no sex for life / diamond ring a vase by ming / some kinda useful kitchen thing
(singing) i need a present for my wife / or i will have no sex for life / diamond ring a vase by ming / some kinda useful kitchen thing#(singing) i need a store i can break into
(singing) i need a store i can break into#(singing) or a place run by a hindu
ext springfield  various places)#(frustrated noise)
i knew you would forget so my gift to you is a gift for you to give me#oh it is just what i wanted (sweetly) here marge this is for you
(punches then) so tell us what is next for william h macy ?#i do not care what that letter said this man raised me singlehandedly when i think of all the things he is done for me the many times he
i do not care what that letter said this man raised me singlehandedly when i think of all the things he is done for me the many times he#lifeguard huh ?
(annoyed noise)#so this guy might be my real father and his name starts with "m" moleman ? mr burns ? (gasp) m night shyamalan ? that would be a twist worthy of his increasingly lousy films
(groggy) homie what is wrong ? did those pork chops give you a tummy ache ?#the only tummy ache is in my head i can not stop wondering who my real father might be
ext library  establishing  day)#(gasps) there is only one lifeguard whose name begins with "m"
(gasps) there is only one lifeguard whose name begins with "m"#mason fairbanks
mason fairbanks#his hobbies are philandering writing letters and making up for lost time
ext mason's house  later)#(to self) okay until you are sure this guy's cool stick to your cover story (then nervous) oh that sounds hard (then stern) just do it
can i help you ?#uh yes i am a reporter with the local paper i am doing a story on people who (looks at mason) wear sweaters do you mind if i ask you some questions ?
i'd be delighted but i must warn you i do not wear a sweater every day#interesting interesting
ext moe's  day)#(casual) so i infer from all the knickknacks you are some sort of fruitcake
(chuckles) no actually i salvage valuables from sunken ships some call me a treasure hunter#oh that is so cool (excited) ooh a dish of shrunken heads
those are raisins#(disappointed) so you do not have any shrunken heads ?
well my hat size is a number six#(terrified scream)
(terrified scream)#that is small right ?
it is smaller than average#(terrified scream)
(gestures to boat) and this is the lady in my life#uh you know it is a boat right ?
indeed i do i loved a real woman a long time ago but uh (sadly) it did not work out#(gasps) i am sure my listeners would love to know the story behind that name
listeners ? i thought you worked for a newspaper#(covering) no i said i work for a radio station nineeighty on the am dial but number one with our viewers
viewers ? would not that be for a tv station ?#uh well i (blurts out) i think you are my pappy
(very big) wha ?#(presents letter) i found this letter you wrote to my mom mona simpson
dear god i always dreamed this day would come and now that it is here there are so many feelings i  i#(thrilled) possible daddy
(thrilled) possible daddy#(sheepish) i am sorry i got a little carried away there
(more beating noises)#(excited) marge i found my real father his name is mason fairbanks he has a knife just for cheese and he talks like this (british accent) "homer please do that in the loo"
homie you just met this british man it is too soon to get so emotionally invested#hm honey you have given me a lot to think about (excited) tomorrow when we are on daddy's boat
and now that treasure is somewhere down there (points to bay)#wow that story had everything action treasure water a guy (to mason) would you like to come to our house for dinner ?
(appreciative chuckles)#(awkward) listen oldtimer i'd like you to meet mason fairbanks
(defensive) i was busy telling young people to get a haircut#(kidlike excitement) mason come see my room
(gasp)#(puzzled) who is mason fairbanks ?
(points to mason) this guy#woo hoo
searching for treasure with my longlost son my dream for each of you is that you find the happiness i feel today#and my dream is to someday wear a real wetsuit instead of one that is just painted on
these waters contain some of mother nature's most stunning creatures#haha that is what you get for being luminous jerks
int submersible  continuous)#hey guys we found the treasure when i get to shore i am bringin' it right to the bar
(quietly to skinner) how do i talk ? push this button here ? (very loud) you are all losers#oh which way did mason go ? that must be him over there
ext submersible  continuous)#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#what do i do ? what do i do ?
what do i do ? what do i do ?#(short scream)
(short scream)#(more alarmed short scream)
(more alarmed short scream)#(relieved sigh)
(relieved sigh)#(very alarmed scream)
int sub  continuous)#(groggy) daddy daddy
(chuckles) grab daddy's keys#(giggles sweetly)
(startled sputters) what the hey#(childish) i drew this picture of you
it may not be much but it is all i have got#that is so sweet
i gave you everything and it still wasn't enough#(passing out) dad
int hospital room  day)#(startled waking up noises)
(sadly) well homer now that you are alive again i will leave you with your real family#(to grampa) wait (to everyone else) can we have a moment in private ?
of course#as i lay dying on the ocean floor i remembered everything you have done for me to hell with that stupid dna test and its ninetynine point nine nine nine nine seven per cent accuracy  you are my dad and i love you
i really am your father#(extremely anguished moan then casual) but how ?
my old one's fine but ya never know#(sagely warmly) only a true father would lead his son to believe he belonged to someone else
(sagely warmly) only a true father would lead his son to believe he belonged to someone else#aw dad
(adlib hugging noises)#now why do not you stay for dinner
it would be my pleasure son#send up two hams
send up two hams#hey this one's cold
no water fountain outwits willie#listen i wanted to ask if you could do something my former father never did for me
anything son#teach me that the stove is hot
very well#(screams)
no homer mustn't touch#(screams)
i said no homer#(screams)
(irritated) all right nap time#(whiny) but i am not tired
(fading to nothingness) skinner#(suppressed chuckles)
(suppressed chuckles)#(chuckles points at tv) you made that tv show really mad
it is the only place cruel enough to straighten bart out they use a proven concept "tough hate" to turn around foulmouthed hooligans then they send them home quietly ticking away#hmm this camp's got it all  climbing some kind of rope thing wearing a backpack highfiving the black kid (to bart) it is the perfect thing to straighten you out
hey check it out  i made it partially risqu#hey guys i have to put the boy on a plane to soulcrushing camp then i will be back to go to vegas
(pleading) dad if you take me to vegas i will teach you how to cheat at blackjack#boy you do not need to cheat when you got a system
what is your system ?#(loud whisper) i do not tell your mother how much i have lost
int springfield airport  checkin desk  day)#(chipper) one child to portland (chuckles) he is your problem now
it seems he was our problem before your son's on the nofly list#(nervous chuckle) why there must be some mistake
well homer looks like i can not go to discipline camp (fake disappointed) which is too bad 'cause i think this was the thing that would finally straighten me out#(grim) oh yeah ? you are going to that camp 'cause i am gonna drive you there
(snide) yeah that'll be way more fun than vegas#(long annoyed grunt)
int car  continuous)#(furious) stupid bart makes me drive to oregon home of unspoiled forests birthplace of matt groening ("groaning")
dad neither of us wanna go why are you doing this ? where is the old carefree homer who likes to cut loose ?#you mean fun homer ? (grim) i am afraid serious homer has him locked up till you are at your snooty torture camp
fight back fun homer together we can win#(firmly) it is no use
int homer's car  driving through countryside  day)#(unimpressed) eh
(trying to get through to him) c'mon dad we got a long way to go you can not stay mad at me the whole time#boy if you were half as smart as you think you are you would clean up your act
well maybe pulling pranks is the only thing i am good at#at least you have something you are good at i am thirtyeight years old drivin' a crappy car with a son who does not respect me and i am one snickers pie away from losing my foot to diabetes mmm snickers pie (drools)
int roadside diner  moments later)#so i see you are also traveling with your son what boy prison are you taking him to ?
actually justin and i are going to the oregon shakespeare festival sir peter hall himself is directing#(loud whisper) see bart i told you things could be worse
(laughs) did you see that ? they were eating melon for breakfast#(imitating) look at me i use a napkin (big laughs)
(hearty laugh turns to contented sigh) well dad we may not always get along but we will never be that lame#i bet they are from massachusetts you know it is legal there for a guy to marry his son
(chuckles then sighs) well i guess it is tinkle time#(falsetto) do not forget to wash your hands shakespeare
(falsetto) do not forget to wash your hands shakespeare#(hearty laughs)
so here for a snack before they roll you back into the ocean ?#(checks menu) yeah i will have the smileyface breakfast special
(checks menu) yeah i will have the smileyface breakfast special#uh but could you add a bacon nose ? plus bacon hair bacon mustache five o'clock shadow made of bacon bits and a bacon body
i am kidding#(grumpy) fine (calls after her) but the bacon man lives in a bacon house
int diner  day (ten minutes later))#you know who would really like this place ? bart (dawning) wait a minute where the hell is bart ?
int men's room  continuous)#you little monster show your face this minute
int bathroom stall  continuous)#bart where are you ?
(greek accent) what ? no one dashiedine on stavros#(yelling) why you little
(yelling) why you little#i am stuck
i am stuck#ow someone's hitting my butt with something
ext restaurant  continuous)#(screams in pain)
(screams in pain)#(screams in pain) (shuts eyes) leave your ass homer leave your ass
ext simpson house  front yard  day)#(talking into cell phone) so lenny how is it goin' in vegas ? pretty boring i will bet
(laughs) can not talk now homer i am too satisfied in every way#(anguished moan)
(anguished moan)#(nasty chuckle) i have got you now boy
(nasty chuckle) i have got you now boy#(startled noise)
ext car  continuous)#(terrified scream)
(terrified scream)#(even louder scream)
ext cliff  day)#(panicked noises to self)
(panicked noises to self)#boy push down on the bumper then i can back the car up and save myself
hm if i save you what are you gonna do to me ?#(incredibly sweetly) shower you with love because this experience has taught me just how precious you are
(incredibly sweetly) shower you with love because this experience has taught me just how precious you are#(furious) i will kill you i will kill your whole family
(furious) i will kill you i will kill your whole family#(sweetly) kidding i am kidding we can do that we have a special friendship
(sweetly) kidding i am kidding we can do that we have a special friendship#(furious) i am gonna double kill you and then i am gonna bury you in a shallow grave then i will dig you up and kill you again that is the beauty of a shallow grave
(furious) i am gonna double kill you and then i am gonna bury you in a shallow grave then i will dig you up and kill you again that is the beauty of a shallow grave#(alternate sweet and furious) you sweet little angel oh i am gonna rip your head off and spit down your adorable little neck because i wanna smash your little stupid head oh but i love you we will go on a fishing trip but first i am gonna put you on a sawmill then punch your little face out that is what i am gonna do
int homer's car  day)#well boy you made the right choice i think this is the first step to a new closer relationship between us
(sincere) dad i think you actually enjoy seeing your own son suffer#i do not enjoy it being a father is just a job long hours no pay and at the end all you get is someone yelling "you screwed me up"
well maybe if you enjoyed me more i would not be so screwed up#hey i enjoy you plenty
hey i enjoy you plenty#talking time is over
do not worry mr simpson we are gonna take his "sass" and turn it into "siss"#thank you colonel
ext highway  later)#woo hoo vegas here i come
do not gamble on my love homer#(wistful) i miss bart i can not leave him in that awful camp
(wistful) i miss bart i can not leave him in that awful camp#i am comin' boy
i am comin' boy#(several confused noises then) i bet this looks cool from overhead though
int homer's car  continuous)#(excited) woo hoo vegas here i come (then remembering) oh right bart
i have learned so much in my three hours here i do not have to play pranks to feel good i can just listen to the gentle rhythms of nature#stupid horse it is a deer crossing
stupid horse it is a deer crossing#wipe the blood off the windshield and get in the car boy
dad ?#son i am doing something i should have done a long time ago taking you to vegas
(excited) i am gonna order a steak dinner and eat it on the toilet#and do not you try to stop us
and do not you try to stop us#uh normal wear and tear
actually we were gonna call you mr simpson your credit card was declined#(doppler) try this one
homer i hope you get this i am in jail and i need ten thousand dollars bail hurry#uh marge me and bart got in a fight with this really uncool pit boss and now we are in nevada state prison also i do not know where bart is if you see him say "hey"
well tell your regular bully he will not like it one bit#marge i ripped my pants the only pants that understand my complex hiney
that was your last pair how did it happen ?#(happy giggles)
(happy giggles)#(pained) ow my ass
(squeakyvoiced teen) sir your gocart's damaged#(pained) i paid for fifty laps and i am gonna take them
(pained) i paid for fifty laps and i am gonna take them#(pained giggles)
(pained giggles)#(small moan) i will have to go to every store in the pants district to find another pair like these
dining on untainted meat / a toilet what still has its seat /#(sings) oh would not it be adequate ?
big blue pants when you no longer care if you are attractive to women#mr stern would you make those glorious blue pants again if i whipped up public interest for them ?
of course but how ?#through an advertising campaign so fresh and exciting i have not even thought of it yet
(shrugs) well what have i got to lose besides the factory that is been in my family for generations ?#how long is this commercial anyway ?
homie what is that ?#(makeout noise turns to) huh ?
on the back of your head#it is called "headvertising" it creates brand awareness without relying on traditional media
wow it glows in the dark#(worried) it is not supposed to
(sings) and where should it not go ?#(sings) blue pants blue pants
dad get your own song#fine
fine#(sings) i am getting blue pants in the morning / (trailing off) ding dong the zipper's gonna shine
i am so glad you washed that stupid logo off your head#well it did its job everyone's wearing blue pants now
what are those doing there ?#earning us a hundred bucks a week that is what except the maine potatoes one it is just a reminder to myself
(reading plaque) "local anahoopi indians believed this stalactite was the finger of tsisnajini their god of pointing down"#(scoffs) silly indians our god made their god
it is so impressive#i am just gonna get a tiny chip to put on my desk at work
(plummeting noises)#(calling out) save me tsisnajini
int underground chamber  (also welllit) continuous)#i am stuck and i have to pee (short pause then) now i am just stuck
that was two firemen a crane and snow white#why you little
well we better start looking#do not leave me i hate to be alone except when i am watching tv then leave me alone but right now do not leave
i will stay with you dad#will you tell me a story ?
sure once upon a time in a faroff kingdom#(quickly) no unicorns
one day while i was savoring the exclusivity#(irate) wait wait wait wait
int cave  large chamber  day)#now you are telling me burns's story ?
yeah  it is like the play within a play in "hamlet"#huh ?
let's see it is like when you watch old home movies of you watching tv#gotcha
(grandly) scavengers scavenge#(horrified shriek) i am bald
hey barboy write a play where i meet henry ford and captain kirk#hey barboy dance around like an idiot like this
hey barboy dance around like an idiot like this#(chanting) i amsostupid i amsostupid
i am a little busy can i do it later ?#(still dancing) sure (laughs) you are gonna be all "i amsostupid i amsostupid i amsostupid" (etc)
int cave  day)#moe has a cappuccino machine ? ?
(sneaky chuckle)#boy come here and listen to lisa's story it is about moe's treasure
aw geez#(angry) hey moe thanks to you i have been sober a week
oh you poor man (sinister) you are about to get a lot poorer#(defensive) you did not think it was so horrible when you were falling down the hole
aw dad did my story make you cry ?#(holding back tears) well it was very moving but the thing is bats are chewing my legs
(holding back tears) well it was very moving but the thing is bats are chewing my legs#oh why did i lead you down here to find those stupid coins ?
that was the most horrible part of all#well i guess i should explain not long ago it was my day to take care of the baby so i was out in the forest hiding
(singing to "the yellow rose of texas") oh the yellow gold of texas / is what i wanna save / i will not pay no taxes / if i hide it in a cave#i deduced from his parody lyrics that he was hiding gold in the cave
i deduced from his parody lyrics that he was hiding gold in the cave#i figured he'd never miss two or three pieces money which we could use to pay for bart's operation
i need an operation ?#(sagely) that is a story for another day
ext cave mouth  flashback (homer's story))#i realized i could never find the gold without your help so i made it this week's family outing
why does god always need money ?#it is a lot of little stuff god has to pay all the elves in his workshop plus he is got all those planets to support  you see that ring he gave saturn ? (whistles)
(very impressed noise)#do not worry marge me and "terrible two" here are gonna win that computer for you
how can you be sure ?#'cause he wants it
ext river  a little later)#(sneaky chuckle) now to begin "operation slight edge"
slight edge"#(laughs) i am winning
(laughs) i am winning#(shrieks) he is headed for the old mill no cheatie no
(shrieks) he is headed for the old mill no cheatie no#(relieved sigh)
(relieved sigh)#(ad libs being hit by paddles) so many paddles
int old wooden mill  continuous)#protect the duck (hit by machinery noises woozy) protect the duck (hit by machinery noises more woozy) produck the tect (woozy noise)
ext river  a little later)#(from shore) hey this race is for rubber ducks not meat ducks
(from shore) hey this race is for rubber ducks not meat ducks#(tightlipped pain noises)
(tightlipped pain noises)#woo hoo i won
and the winner is (surprised noise)#(annoyed groan) a living duck i wished too hard and he became real
mild#(sad moan)
there there the fact that you tried means everything#hey that is the same thing you said to bart after he choked in that soccer game and we both know he sucked
femac) hey marge i do not i do not really want a computer you know all those complete strangers googling each other makes my flesh crawl#just put it in the trunk and leave
let's do it again#(sleepy oblivious) a canoe made of country ham ? you know i will eat it (snores)
(to camera) ay el mundo es loco#(coyly) i heard in study hall you were babysitting tonight (sexy noise)
(surprised but amused) homer we are not in high school#(flirty) so marge in tomorrow's game i am gonna recover a fumble just for you
(playful) maybe you will run it in for a touchdown#(suddenly grim) do not pressure me i get enough of that from my dad
"snuggles and tickles" (giggles)#(leaping up) old man flanders
hey homer sneakin' kisses from the missus ?#(defiant) springfield high football rules
(defiant) springfield high football rules#(hits ground hard noise then) no one turn on the sprinklers okay ?
dad mom's over at the flanders' babysitting nimrod and nimtodd we wanna do something#fine as soon as i finish watching my show
(worried yelp)#old showbiz animals eh ? do you think any of the gremlins from the "gremlins" movie are there ?
uh sure#(chuckles) i am gonna get them so wet
(worried noise) this is much sadder than i expected#sad ? you are crazy (enjoying himself) i feel like i am at the oscars for the animals i forgot existed
cheer up toottoot have some of my ice cream#(alarmed) my son's been apenapped
(calling down) help she is grooming me (very loud) she is grooming me#are not you gonna do something ?
i am afraid there is nothing we can do now a chimp that size could tear your son's head right off#(hopeful) but she will leave the rest of him alone ?
where is bart ? i have not seen him since you came home#(sarcastic) oh you have not seen bart for a few hours so you automatically assume i let something terrible happen
(defensive) i did not say that#(sarcastic) i know what you think when stupid homer wasn't looking bart got kidnapped by a monkey
i could never think something that horrible#(sarcastic) and now i am using sarcasm to confess the whole thing so later i can say that i already told you
dad you can not keep this up for long#(sarcastic) oh you are so right i guess i should be more concerned with bart's safety than covering my own butt and maybe i am talking like this because i can not stop (very sarcastic) help me lisa i have serious mental problems
whoa this oreo is rank#(loud whisper) bart bart
(loud whisper) bart bart#(loud whisper) when the monkey falls asleep i will sneak you out in this trash bag (holds up plastic trash bag) then i will come back and feed the monkey a peach full of antifreeze
(very weary) whee whee#(anguished moan) i fell asleep before the monkey
(anguished moan) i fell asleep before the monkey#uhoh
ext animal retirement home  continuous)#hey monkey eat tranquilizer dart (sucks in on the dart chokes)
maybe there is another way to solve this bart is clearly fulfilling an emotional need for toottoot#lisa monkeys do not have feelings if they did then my experiments could be called cruel
while you were living the glamorous life of a tv chimp i was raising my son you have no right to take him away from me now please please give me back my boy#marge toottoot and her son escaped
hey i know how we can save bart#mr teeny ?
int simpsons' car  continuous)#i am so stoked about lenny's party he said he is gonna make a surprise announcement
maybe he is getting married#(disgusted noise) why the hell would he want to do that (off her look covering) blessed sacrament that has made my life so rich ? (quickly changing subject) i like your hat sweetie
i am not wearing a hat#i mean the one at the house
int lenny's bedroom)#oh my god
"motherflippers ?" what is this show about ?#how did lenny get to be newsfake magazine's man of the year ?
that is just a souvenir from an amusement park#what ? next you will be telling me he did not meet woody woodpecker
i have never seen a picture so highly defined#lenny this tv is amazing if you are not careful i might just spend the rest of my life on your couch
(chuckles) you do not mean that literally of course#(sensible) you are right lenny i
(sensible) you are right lenny i#(commanding) lenny bring me a beer and your deepest chamber pot (claps hands twice) chopchop
int lenny's apartment  continuous)#(gasp) look at that picture quality  you can see the soulless emptiness in that shark's eyes
(gasp) look at that picture quality  you can see the soulless emptiness in that shark's eyes#ooo "two and a half men" you can see the soulless emptiness in charlie sheen's eyes
mom did not say anything about highdef#later if i have enough energy we can walk up to the tv and i will show you how thin it is
wow there is a rainbow outside#(points to tv) oh yeah well right there is a commercial with a dancing cold sore
(points to tv) oh yeah well right there is a commercial with a dancing cold sore#(sad moan)
the winner is bodell jenks junior#(mesmerized chuckle) wow i can actually feel the heat
beat it this is my alone time#can you at least take a picture of me with the tv ?
i ain't fallin' for that again#oh yeah good times
ext simpson house  day)#(grumbling) stupid nonplasma tv picture so blurry might as well rub dirt in my eyes
homie i have been thinking we have been using this tv for a long time so i entered a contest where the first prize is a plasma screen tv#oh marge i love you i love you i love you
(turned on noise) now i really hope we win that contest#(panicked) there is a chance we will not win ?
(panicked) there is a chance we will not win ?#my collection is complete forty years of the family circus
my collection is complete forty years of the family circus#(chuckles)
(chuckles)#(smoothly) y'ello
congratulations mr simpson you have won#the big screen tv ?
a tour of the fox network in los angeles california#all expenses paid ?
(points in yet another direction) ooh why look there is dan castellaneta from the tracey ullman show#hey funny man say something funny
please do not lean out of the tram sir you might get hurt#(mocking) do not lean out of the tra
(mocking) do not lean out of the tra#(incredibly anguished noise)
(scream)#(to producer) so what is the prize on this wife swap show ?
oh about enough to buy a new plasma tv#(gasps) that is just the product i have been coveting pick us pick us
not so fast are you sure you want your most intimate moments broadcast across the country ?#are you kidding ? take a look at my dvd
are you kidding ? take a look at my dvd#they will never let me near lake havasu again
what are you doing homer ?#i am signing us up for a reality show where we trade you to another family
(highly skeptical) well that might be interesting or it could damage many many lives#oh marge you are the greatest mom ever i want the whole world to see that
(haughty british) i got my tenure at twentyeight#oh really ? (mocking) bart when did you get your tenure ?
i got my tenure right here#yeah well i have full tenure
you can call me charlie but do not call me late when there are scones about (chuckles) little british humor#(to kids loud whisper) i will bet the twist is he is gay
i do not understand dad our family has so many flaws why must we share them with the world ?#because we will be on tv and earn enough money to buy a tv (beat) tv
but dad#yes tvsa ?
forget it#listen up stonehenge i made a drawing of the places on marge you can not touch especially the hair
oh you needn't worry i am a bit of an elbow man myself actually (chuckles) a bit different a bit weird not sexual#you take forever to say nothing
you take forever to say nothing#ya know you do not seem like the moneyhungry semistripper who is usually on fox why'd you do it ?
well i thought there was no further way i could humiliate my husband and then this opportunity came along#i see well i should be getting to the living room
you know i despise my husband#well he did not get the prize pig at the fair either
charles has not satisfied me in years#yeah that is how i feel about notre dame football
cruel dusty years#i do not know why i ever married that woman
now homer would you care to give your report on "csi miami ?"#uh okay
uh okay#there is this guy that got killed  i think it was in miami ? so csi miami investigateded it then a family said how much they loved the olive garden then i fell asleep (beat) when i woke up letterman was talking to alias
int simpson house  day  establishing)#(intrigued) what is that delicious smell ?
i am burning all your underwear#(moans)
int simpson house  living room  a little later)#she is nowhere to be seen time to let homer be homer
homie i missed you so much put your pants back on#oh marge thank god you are back (sobs) she made me spend time with the kids and not just tv time talking time
where is she ? where is the soulsucking shebeast i call "sweetums ?"#maggie ? she is in her crib
you are leaving me for him ?#so it would appear however cousin it there was born a woman
what brought us together is how much we hate you#yeah well i am gonna vote "no" on thirtyeight so you can not adopt
yeah well i am gonna vote "no" on thirtyeight so you can not adopt#kidding kidding i do not vote the polling place is up a hill and i never make it
kidding kidding i do not vote the polling place is up a hill and i never make it#(sings) you make me laugh / you make me cry / without you i'd just / want to die / for the rest of my life / you will be a fixture / now let me enjoy / your picture in picture
(sings) you make me laugh / you make me cry / without you i'd just / want to die / for the rest of my life / you will be a fixture / now let me enjoy / your picture in picture#and marge you are pretty great too
about a class of remedial reading students and their teacher who wants to be taken seriously#(disappointed moan) i thought it was about her boobs
(disappointed moan) i thought it was about her boobs#tonight on jock center a slugger on 'roids tiger woods is annoyed and north korean missiles deployed
int simpson house  continuous)#i have had enough of your stinkin' thinkin' i homer simpson will personally bring the new pro football franchise to springfield
(repeated mechanical laughs)#(chuckles then) god we have fun
and that is not your strong suit big guy#i will show you all i am gonna spearhead the hell out of this expansion bid
homie you have been down here for a week i really think you need (gasps) what the hellmann's real mayonnaise ?#marge meet pro football's newest team the springfield meltdowns
the springfield meltdowns#plus i designed a stateoftheart stadium we will fund it with corporate naming rights it is the duff beerkrustyburgerbuzz colacostington's department storekwikemartstupid flanders park
plus i designed a stateoftheart stadium we will fund it with corporate naming rights it is the duff beerkrustyburgerbuzz colacostington's department storekwikemartstupid flanders park#(childish) so homer do good ?
(slightly unhappy) maybe homer brush teeth first#(pouty noise)
it is so strange that the commissioner did not show up#maybe he is thinking of a new shape for the football
i am never coming back to this city  and neither is the league#(aghast) you mean
that is right the springfield meltdowns football club shall never be#(wagging finger) you are a useless old man name one thing you do for this family
homie you should give your dad a call you can not stay mad at him forever#yeah you are right
yeah you are right#y'ello (happy gasp) you want my opinion on current movies ? well first of all they are all perfect also when is the cap'n crunch movie coming out ? and will it be "r" or "hard r" ?
no wait wait bullfighting is a cruel pseudosport#lisa's right it is a cool super sport
hell yeah (snorting noises)#ooh a penny this is my lucky day
(screams)#(oblivious) yep my lucky day
(oblivious) yep my lucky day#(cries of pain)
distracted as if by a moral dilemma a moral dilemma posed by a young boy no a girl a girl named linda no lisa the flutter of the cape tells all#(yelling) hurry up and kill it i have to be at the opera by seven
(delighted grunts)#i love it when mr burns shows a movie at work
before we begin the movie please join me in a moment of silence for the workers who gave their lives in an heroic #movie movie movie movie movie
however federal law requires i keep one union worker on the payroll so congratulations whoever catches this bouquet#woo hoo i win in your face best friends
you have been transferred to india ?#hey marge it is what i have gotta do to keep this family living in luxury
luxury ? this thermostat is just painted on#oh my god you are right i'd better call the guy
oh my god you are right i'd better call the guy#(quickly imitates seven phone button noises then) send someone right over (looks offscreen) ooh here he is
(quickly imitates seven phone button noises then) send someone right over (looks offscreen) ooh here he is#(firmly) yeah well while i am gone you will do what he says
(worried) whoa he is gone#what about her
aw dad we will miss you so much#(emotional) i will miss you kids too (small sobs)
india air flight fiftyseven now boarding first class small children and fat guys#(standing up) that is me
homie i got you something to read on the plane#woo hoo
woo hoo#a book ? (disappointed moan)
a book ? (disappointed moan)#(whiny) oh the cereal's just a metaphor
it is a book about management and lee iacocca says it is "definitely dot dot dot useful"#thanks sweetie i have never been less angry to receive a book
ext bangalore airport  tarmac  later)#this is not india where is the university of notre dame the indy 500 wrigley field dodger dogs  ?
delighted#oh no i took a job on the other side of the world (sobs)
oh no i took a job on the other side of the world (sobs)#(moans) oh i hate this subcontinent
hello ?#lisa it is me i am in trouble
calm down dad what happened ?#a cow took my ipod and i punched it
ext bangalore market place  day)#(listens to phone) uhhuh (listens) do i have to ? (listens) okay okay i will show the cow i adore it
(listens to phone) uhhuh (listens) do i have to ? (listens) okay okay i will show the cow i adore it#(making out) oh baby ooo did you lose weight ? oh c'mon baby do not play hard to milk
ext bangalore  market  another area  later)#(looking around) okay apu said his cousin kavi could help me out
(looking around) okay apu said his cousin kavi could help me out#let's see apu's cousin is medium height dark complexion brown eyes black hair
let's see apu's cousin is medium height dark complexion brown eyes black hair#are you kavi ?
no#are you kavi ?
(apu voice) yes oh you must be mr homer#(highly annoyed) finally
(scream)#(finishing tying tie) sorry i am late i was doing carnak with my bodyguard
(finishing tying tie) sorry i am late i was doing carnak with my bodyguard#hindu (opens imaginary envelope) what do you call the moisture on your hin ?
(chuckling) classic now tell them how to run a nuclear plant#(blanking) uh duh uh um uh duh did i say "um" ?
(confused murmurs)#okay book i did not read you and you did not read me but we are both in this together so say something smart or get ready to run like hell um (clears throat then to crowd reading) "in business as in breakfast fried eggs have fragile yolks huh huh ?
dad i have gotta write a report on the great lakes#just outsource it to lisa outsourcing is the answer to everything
(scared) i think he is in the house#outsourcing
simpson i do not know how you are doing it but you are outputting ten times the power our american plant ever did#(breezy) well a little book once told me
(breezy) well a little book once told me#"having only one pancake leaves room for more bacon"
i see what you are saying we are crowding your plate in fact there is no need for us to be here at all let's go smithers#(excited) you are giving me absolute power ?
(to homer) now if you will excuse me i am late for a dinner engagement i do not want my scoopedout monkey head to get cold#(chuckles modest) i am not a god god has a white beard and invented the da vinci code
actually in our system of belief there are many gods#(considering) hmmm let's see (re ganesh) you got the elephant man (re sixarmed shiva) johnny sixarms (re blue vishnu) papa smurf these guys are pretty cool maybe i am one of them if only i had some kind of proof
blue vishnu) papa smurf these guys are pretty cool maybe i am one of them if only i had some kind of proof#(gasp) i won a free soda (beat) i am a god
ext power plant  continuous)#(loud booming laugh)
we thought maybe you would like to see some of our globetrotting adventures#i am a god i know all
(chanting) abomshabai abomshabai abomshabai abomshabai#silence now for my amusement let the monkey fight the elephant
homie stop you are not a god#marge ?
oh yeah ? what is mom's birthday ?#it is um (searching) jannnn febbbb marrr
(interrupting) it is may#may firrr seconnn thirrr
i am proud of you dad you are the first man to ever outsource the american worker's sense of entitlement and privilege#well i am just glad i am not a god anymore i wanna go home how is chief wiggum ?
he was gravely wounded in a bank shootout#(fondly) yeah he is funny
when is our food gonna get here ? i am starved#i am so bored i figured out where the wallpaper pattern repeats
i am so bored i figured out where the wallpaper pattern repeats#see it goes ship's wheel popeye tattoo gilligan hat fish with boobs and back to ship's wheel
what about this swordfish ?#(sad moan) my life's work ruined
finally we shall bid goodbye to england and its drunken decadent sinners#outta my way you godfearing buckleheads
outta my way you godfearing buckleheads#hide me
hide me#(peeks out barrel loud whisper) please you have gotta help me if they find me they will kill me
mother we must protect him look he is praying#oh lord please let the soldiers kill this family instead of me
and i will make thee a hat from construction paper#(realizing upbeat) so thou art a widow eh ? (suggestive putting it together) then the codpiece holds no terrors for thee
(peeved) good sir i do not approve of your fleshly gaze#(turned on) oh baby
ext mayflower  deck  continuous)#what kind of a booze cruise is this ? where is the hooch ?
(to homer) i see you met our devout leader ned flandish#stupid flandish (to marge) uh listen since all the other fun stuff is out of bounds how 'bout a little biblethumping in the crow's nest ? what do you say miss
constance prudence chastity goodfaith#(annoyed grunt)
my friends call me "marge"#(hopeful noise)
marge obedience temperance sexwill not#(louder annoyed grunt)
now i gotta warn ya even for this day and age i am considered a bad husband#(morose) she is gonna marry him 'cause he wears boots instead of blackening his feet
(morose) she is gonna marry him 'cause he wears boots instead of blackening his feet#(sobs quietly)
(sarcastic) well i am sure the way to win her heart is to be fat and crying#why thee little
(strangling noises)#(concerned noise)
good times#(relieved sigh)
(impressed) perhaps thou wouldst make a good father#(thrilled to hear this) may i escort you to the railing ?
ext ship deck  continuous)#beer ? i thought you guys did not drink on the gayflower
stop callin' it that#(valley girl) whatever
(grimly) that is all i needed to hear#(moan)
(upset) homer i can not believe i was thinking of letting you touch my elbow through a cloth#(pleading) but baby a man has needs
(pointing) witch witch witch#people this is madness we can burn the witch later right now i have got to save this ship
people this is madness we can burn the witch later right now i have got to save this ship#hey i have been driving drunk since i was twelve but firstwho is gonna help me pee ?
(defensive) they are looking at me 'cause i have the key to the stocks (holds up key)#do not worry marge i will see to it you fundamentalist christians live to take over all america by the twentyfirst century
ext ocean  later)#man that bird did it all (takes bite) good guy
at least i am pitching#(excited) land ho
(chipper) who else has a story ?#i do
i will be fetchin' yer food right away (to another busboy quiet) six more games#well i guess we have time for my tale of moist adventure it takes place in a dark time for mankind when madness and ignorance ruled "the nineteen seventies"
int grand ballroom  continuous)#my wig i mean my natural hair
goin' out with a sight gag nice#i have got an idea climb into my mouth
climb into my mouth#nooooo
nooooo#catch me flanders
(incredibly anguished noise)#(checks watch) woo hoo it is almost new year's ten nine eight
homer the ship's upside down and hundreds of people are dead#three two one happy new year (blows little horn) my resolution is to be more fun
homer what should we do ?#uh gimme a second i am in the bathroom
uh gimme a second i am in the bathroom#what ? i have great ass suction now how 'bout a little privacy ?
what ? i have great ass suction now how 'bout a little privacy ?#my keys
(starts sobbing)#all right i can see this is all up to me
all right i can see this is all up to me#swim fatty swim
i have tied it off you are all going to make it (heart attack noises) tell the world that i saved you all (dies)#do not tell me what to do
ext ocean  day)#oh my god our boat is upside down
dad taking the family to opening night is the nicest thing you have ever done for us#(kindly) or will ever do
(excited) i can not wait to see this reimagining of itchy and scratchy by avantgarde director juliana krellner#(re playbill) hey it says here "the book" was written by tom stoppard (haughty) this is not a book it is a play (huge laughs winding down) book
and dynamite igniting#hey check it out i am scratcher or something
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#they are gonna divide the school in two ?
why a woman invented liquid paper#well you know what a man invented ? actual paper
well a woman also invented the windshield wiper#which goes great with another male invention  the car
um ii think a woman came up with nylon stockings i mean probably we certainly use them#let's see men also have rocket ships suspension bridges constitutional government snow shoes brass knuckles
(irritated growl)#pinball machines the renaissance
(bigger more irritated growl)#(distraught) oh why did women invent sleeping on the couch ?
mom i do not think this will fool anybody#(entering impressed) hey who is the rude dude with the attitude ?
he is one of bart's friends#(to lisa thinking she is a boy) you seem cool wanna catch a movie ?
you never take our kids to the movies#let's not fight in front of my cool new friend
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#(seductive) so do you wanna "wang chung" tonight ?
i do not know i am still frowny with you do you really think women are mentally inferior ?#(nervously) well uh uh honey you are just as smart as a man sometimes when i am with you i feel like i am doing it with a dude
(teeth gritted angry growl)#(sad moan then) well i will not be lonely i can always cuddle with the dog
(sad moan then) well i will not be lonely i can always cuddle with the dog#at least everyone knows i am smarter than you
ext back yard  a little later)#(moans) how did this happen ?
ext simpson house  day)#screw you i am never gonna pay
well then we are gonna leave you one digit short#fine i will finish it myself and do not think i am gonna screw it up because i will not
dad all you had to do was paint one number now no one's gonna be able to find our house#but sweetie i just wanted to tell the '74 oakland a's how i felt about them
hey sal bando give him a '74 a's "thank you honk"#my work here is done
ext simpson house  later)#(excited gasp) i am needed at the door
i have a delivery for a scott and brenda weingarten (a little unsure) seventyfour evergreen terrace#seventyfour ? (realizing) oh sorry there is been a mistake
oh no problem  i will just ship these juicy mailorder steaks back to omaha#(lying) on second thought i am brenda wine cooler (sneaky chuckle)
dad is not it wrong to open or eat other people's mail ?#(thoughtful) son all our mail has ever brought me is bad things bills jury duty entertainment weekly now for once i am getting' richperson mail you would not take that away from me would you son ?
(touched) oh dad no one can rationalize like you#(upbeat) okay weingartens what else is in your mail ?
(upbeat) okay weingartens what else is in your mail ?#ooh (calls out) marge you wanna go to a wedding of a couple we never met ?
int banquet hall  day)#mark and tracy i remember the first words i heard you say "i do"
(anguished noise then) i am scared people truly scared#(chuckles) take that liberal media
(reading) "a highly skilled professional will come to your home and clean it top to bottom while you relax" (puzzled) but how could i have won ? i do not subscribe to this periodical#marge i do not have to sit here and listen to your insane ravings about me getting other people's mail
(polite but firm) hi i am brenda weingarten#(screams)
int hospital room  day  marge's pov)#(happy gasp) she is opening her eyes
(shocked gasps)#she does not recognize us
she does not recognize us#you monster what have you done to my face ?
int hallway outside marge's hospital room  day)#when will marge remember us ?
it is hard to say with retrograde amnesia such as this the patient can forget years and years of her life you just have to keep jogging her memory till it works#(moans) jogging ?
i did not say you should be jogging#sweet
although you should be jogging#(moans) jogging ?
int marge's hospital room  a little later)#(sweetly) marge i am gonna take care of you until your amnesia goes scramnesia i got you flowers (holds up flowers) a fluffy pillowand a nice relaxing private room
(grabs homer's hand) oh you are sweet i am lucky to have such a kind (guessing) uncle ?#i am your husband
wha ?#i am we are the same age
but you are so much more ravaged than i am#(chuckling) i do eat a lot of crap
i may have lost my memory but i am not an idiot (slight chuckle)#great news marge  we are goin' home
(sarcastic) oh it is great like somebody barfed a twostory pile of puke#why you little
(horrified) you strangle your child ?#(uneasy explaining) yeah but he is cool with it (menacing to bart) right ?
(choked voice rubbing neck) it hurts when i swallow#why you little
int homer's car  continuous)#now the doctor said a tour of the town could help bring back your memory
who are those freaks ?#(chuckles) those "freaks" as you call them are some of our closest friends
ext evergreen terrace  later)#see that ball of fire ? that is the sun it goes by many names apollo's lantern daymoon old blazey the important thing is never to touch it
i know what the sun is#(sweetly) yes now you do
it is so great to have my children back#(to self excited) i'd better get ready  i am next
(to self excited) i'd better get ready  i am next#(to marge big smile) all right marge (gestures to self) time to remember admiral awesome
nope i am sorry admiral but you are still a stranger to me#(sad moan) why do you remember them and not me ?
oh hey ned is not today your cat's birthday ? i remember 'cause she shares the date with patty labelle#(anguished moan)
int simpson house  kitchen  later)#okay all it will take to unlock your memories of me is one of these blasts from the past
okay all it will take to unlock your memories of me is one of these blasts from the past#here's me fighting with former president bush me fighting with current president bush and here's me showing a bag of apples who is boss
i am sorry you seem like (searching for compliment) a colorful character but i just do not remember you#(seductive) well maybe if we snuggle it might rattle some memories loose
(puzzled) what is snuggling ?#(sweetly) when a man and a woman love each other very much they (whispers explanation)
mr simpson i do not even know you  i am not making love with you#but what if we (whispers some more)
you are describing how to parallel park#(sobs) you used to love my non sequiturs
we have got to tell dad#oh no bart and lisa are gonna tell me something horrible
(surprised) mr simpson ?#(sweetly) marge if i can not make you remember me then i will make you fall for me all over again
(sweetly) marge if i can not make you remember me then i will make you fall for me all over again#(sweetly) the heart is the symbol for love
(sings to "o sole mio") that homer simpson / he is quite a guy / he paid me ten bucks / so i would lie / the truth is / he is not so great / he is the one man / i truly hate#(choked up) so beautiful i wish i could understand italian
i have had a lovely evening mr simpson#just wait we are coming to the site of our most romantic night ever
ext minigolf course  continuous)#it was in that plywood castle that we first well you know
(realizing gasp) no i am not the kind of girl who makes love on a puttputt golf course#(coy) oh you loved it  especially when the windmill came around and whacked your but (bob hope growl)
(disgusted sounds) that sounds horrible#no it was the happiest night of my life the warm spring air the swings i took in the batting cage afterwards do not you remember darling ?
i am sorry you have to leave but i just can not think of another way#(glum) i know (excited) wait i thought of another way i stay
look at this garden of f's (accusing) you planted them all#(sadly) marge i realize you have made up your mind and i want you to know that i deeply respect your (shouting) boo
that works for hiccups not amnesia#i know i just thought maybe boo
i know i just thought maybe boo#(moan)
(moan)#(sad weak) boo
how long you gonna be bunking with me son ?#well the rest of your life for sure
ext retirement castle  evening  establishing)#(sits up) that might be marge
(thrilled) do not answer it yet  savor the sound#(into phone hopeful) marge ?
yeah it is more like a "nothing needs to be said" kind of silence#(screams)
ext highway  continuous)#(same inflection) i sure have pardner
(same inflection) i sure have pardner#oh no he is marge's and my dream man i have gotta make a play for her now or i might lose her forever
oh no he is marge's and my dream man i have gotta make a play for her now or i might lose her forever#(resigned) at least she is found someone who can make her happy
ext parking lot  night  moments later)#you idiot
(scared noise)#do you know what you just gave up ?
(freaked out) who the hell are you ?#the wisest wettest man you will ever meet
go on#you just walked away from the sweetest most beautiful woman a guy could want in ten years she never had the last slice of pizza and she is never complained every election she wishes she could vote for both guys because they both seem nice and there is a light inside her that makes everyone else look better and you blew her off
dude she is got three kids#(takenaback) really ? well she is still great
int car  continuous)#i am so happy we are together again wanna get a drink ?
you drink ?#uh yeah i started when you were in the hospital i was so worried recently i tried this thing called "beer" and
(gasp) i remember everything  you get drunk all the time#(sad moan then hopeful) but do you also remember that you are an enabler ?
(uncertain) oh i do not#and her ?
oh and her#and her
uhhuh and him#what about him ?
i do not recognize that name#yeah i have their baseball cards
oh i know all them#look at all those people you know them ?
wow she still works here ?#yeah she is over in post now
oh i always liked that guy#not me  but we can not get rid of him 'cause he is friends with richard sakai
oh and there is a familiar name and another one wait whatwhat ever happened to that guy from the network ? did he get married ?#(knowing) oh he ain't gettin' married (sly chuckle) he has commitment issues
(contented sigh) i just had my first kiss (sits on couch)#when you get to third base i will buy ya a beer
well now it is time for my summer activity you promised we could go to a museum#(moan)
(upset) homer you are my father you are supposed to protect me from things like this#all right just this once you can take a drink out of my special water bottle (holds up silver liquor flask enticingly)
(wise guy voice) sorry loomwads new exhibit is in town#woohoo weapons
(gunshooting noises then) die weapons die#do not start the exhibit without me
int museum  foyer  continuous)#(moans) look at that line
(moans) look at that line#(gets idea) time to do what i do best  ruin it for everybody
(gets idea) time to do what i do best  ruin it for everybody#hey flanders thanks for saving our place
wait wait hohold the phone there homer#(offended) aw dude i was totally here you calling me a liar ? in front of my kids ? 'cause i'd take a bullet for you man right in my mouth
yaaay#(running up) oh no you do not
(running up) oh no you do not#i am everywhere
the nunchuck was invented thousands of years ago by a chinese monk artifacts of the time indicate that this incident was hilarious#(in awe) wow this 3d is amazing you can actually feel the vase
(a little worried) okay be cool i have got some candy in my purse#(giggles repeatedly)
you are leavin' already ? we we have not even gotten in yet#(a little guilty) sorry flanders but when you get in you can use my audio tour narrated by melanie griffith
(enthusiastic) so according to creationism there were no cavemen#good riddance their drawings suck and they look like hippies
dad you are not really reconsidering evolution are you ?#my mind is always open to new ideas
my mind is always open to new ideas#(furious) onions in the peas what the hell ?
(chuckles) why i believe right now this gentleman's havin' dinner with the tooth fairy and the easter bunny#(determined) this is the break in the case we have been waiting for
now bambi who started that forest fire that killed your mama ? (listens) evolution ? (shakes head) my my my#(teary) poor bambi poor thumper
well i might as well see what all the fuss is about#(makeout noises)
homer please (turns page)#i love it when you are not into it (makeout noises) oh yeah baby oh yeah that is it ignore me i am not even here
look homie i brought you a beer#thanks marge (tries to open it then upset) it is not a twistoff
thanks marge (tries to open it then upset) it is not a twistoff#c'mon (ad lib angry grunts snarls)
(very certain) as sure as i am that jesus hates hip hop#c'mon open i want what is in you (ape noises)
as a matter (annoyed) homer#you stupid (ape noises)
homer i am tryin' to#(louder ape noises)
this court hereby rules that the law forbidding the teaching of evolution is repealed#oh wait it was a twistoff
that was two seasons ago#(sad) now you can only see butts on cable
int simpsons' tv room  continuous)#the isotopes are winning ? (then decisive) to the bandwagon
ext stadium  parking lot  early evening)#nothing beats a day at the ballpark with my family
nothing beats a day at the ballpark with my family#(quick scalper) tickets tickets who needs tickets ?
homer we need those tickets to get in#do not worry i will use the money i make to buy tickets from a scalper then i will sell those tickets and we will be rich rich we did it baby (hugs her) we made it through the rain
do not worry i will use the money i make to buy tickets from a scalper then i will sell those tickets and we will be rich rich we did it baby (hugs her) we made it through the rain#(over her shoulder quick) tickets thirty dollars big game everyone wants to see the game
(over her shoulder quick) tickets thirty dollars big game everyone wants to see the game#(loud whisper to marge) cop act like you are in love with me (kisses marge)
i concur#bart hand me that sack of batteries
bart hand me that sack of batteries#(calling out battery types as he throws) nine volt double a (quickly) dddd cordless drill
(under breath urgent) homer ? homer ? now we have to kiss the big tv is telling us to#(chuckles) look at that ugly old man
that is you#(long agonized moan)
give me a kiss homie#(hopeful) really ? you would kiss an ugly old man like me ?
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#what a game i got on the kisscam i participated in "the wave" and i got to pee in a trough marge can we get a trough ?
for the last time no#(noticing) ooh iced tea
hey that was my iced tea i just sweetened it to my liking#(gasp) buck mitchell
(slight southern accent) evenin' ma'am i uh could not help seein' you two exchanging marital kisses tonight#yes yes the game you played so horribly at
i was wonderin' if you and the mister could give us some marriage counseling ya know uh in return i can give you season tickets#season tickets ? i could entertain business clients i might even land the henderson account
homer can i see you in the kitchen ?#sure (to buck loud whisper) that means she wants to talk in private it is probably about you
homie i do not think our marriage is so jim dandy that we should be counseling others#hey we have gone through more hardships than the jews and charlie brown put together
(shrugs agreeing) well we have managed to squeeze (playfully squeezes him) a lot of fun out of married life#that is just how i feel (playfully hugs her)
that is what i want  carefree intimacy with no edge of resentment#(as if seeing him for the first time) buck mitchell
buck tabitha welcome (slightly impatient) we will start your first marriage counseling session as soon as homer gets here#sorry i am late i was just gathering my counseling equipment
sorry i am late i was just gathering my counseling equipment#now let's remember no one's right and no one's wrong till i say so
well i am an oldfashioned guy you know and when we got hitched i just assumed she'd give up her international recording career to focus on my minorleague baseball dreams#wow i think we have really hit on something here (checks watch) unfortunately we are out of time how does that make you feel ?
wow i think we have really hit on something here (checks watch) unfortunately we are out of time how does that make you feel ?#shut up my ten o'clock's here
shut up my ten o'clock's here#(chuckles)
(complaining) well i am positively sick of her (indicates tabitha with thumb) shakin' her lady parts for the whole world to eyeball#interesting interesting
interesting interesting#(serious) buck you have got a beautiful woman with a hot body that any man would fantasize about even while making love to his own marge
maybe we should stop here#good idea honey buck would you mind signing a couple of baseballs for my boy ?
uh yeah sure#just sign your name above president lincoln's
is not it weird that our parents are giving marital advice ? they are always fighting  if you listen closely you can hear them arguing right now#and i say a monkey can mow our lawn
this house is spectacular you must have had a great view of the riots#i stole a rack of fur coats i sell one a year to pay for christmas
you make me laugh homer#(defensive) why 'cause i am fat ?
(impressed and aroused) oooh#(sage) like i always say compromise is the key
i always say that#let's compromise and say nobody said it
it is going going and like america's credibility on the world stage that ball is gone#(extremely aggravated noise)
int springfield music hall  tabitha's dressing room  later)#hey tabitha great show i like that part where you mentioned springfield did you know that is where you are ?
(chuckles) hey why do not you stay and have a bite ?#(mesmerized) oh you are so hot
(mesmerized) oh you are so hot#if only i'd seen you before i met my wife
oh homer you are sweet but oh you are talking to the chicken#(sharing a secret) do not tell the hamburger in my car
listen these shows always tense me up while your fingers are greasy could you give me a neck rub ?#okay
okay#so why did not you marry one of your crummy backup dancers ?
(moan of pleasure) oh yeah oh that is it right there (moans of pleasure)#(moans of pleasure)
ext dressing room door  continuous)#(moans) oh yeah
(moans) oh yeah#(groans of pleasure) thank god i brought protection
(groans of pleasure) thank god i brought protection#i used to be so embarrassed buying these
(angrily) homer simpson you are supposed to be my marriage counselor i did workbook pages for you#oh we are gonna have a lot to talk about at your three o'clock
there ain't gonna be a three o'clock#cancellations require twentyfour hours (passing out) notice
dad because you and mom screwed up buck mitchell's marriage some kids beat me up at school today#yeah they beat me up at work look at the word they wrote on my skull
(concerned) oh papa#(sadly) i did not want you to learn that word this way
(sadly) i did not want you to learn that word this way#marge we have gotta get buck and tabitha back together this is the most important case of our careers
listen bub we are out of the marriage counseling business and the only one you should be giving chicken grease neck rubs to is me but not me 'cause i think they are disgusting#oh so now we are judging each other based on things we have done real fair class act
oh so now we are judging each other based on things we have done real fair class act#i am going back to the stadium to bring those two kids back together and i will do it with or without you
then i guess you will do it without me#(frustrated noise) but i wanted to do it with you
int duff blimp  cockpit  continuous)#it is working buck's buying my fake message (looks down) and you said it would never work
where are you sweetie ?#(lying) uh she was here a minute ago she must be pooping
well homer it looks like my marriage is going into extra innings#great but enough of the baseball analogies they sicken me
no problem#now m'lady your carriage awaits
actually you can really keep costs down when you do not pay for materials or labor or permits or land#(impressed) wow your paintings have brush marks and your statues have wieners
you have raised a savage beast#(chuckles) he is talkin' like the guy in "fat albert" ( la mushmouth) howba areba youba ?
homer#( la mushmouth) whyba youba doba thatba ?
(stunned) you said you meant to make brownies any other lies ?#mmm this must be what angels taste like
(savoring bite) oh michael one bite of this souffl and your father will realize your gift deserves to flower#why can not you do anything ?
with fat tony doin' the morphine mambo the calabresis are gonna try to put him down for a dirt nap#dirt nap eh ? hm
ext simpson back yard  day)#(underground snoring)
homer our house is on fire help me save the children#(underground) sorry marge can not hear ya (crafty chuckle)
(sadly) i do not know what to do#this is all my daughter's fault but i will make it up to you bart and i will run your business till your dad's okay
well what do you know about being a mob boss ?#everything and i learned it all from the greatest gangster film ever "shark tale"
this guy in here owes us money#(ominous) leave him to me
(ominous) leave him to me#(whiny) ow i hurt my fist and my palm i thought you guys were lookin' out for me (whiny noise)
(whiny) ow i hurt my fist and my palm i thought you guys were lookin' out for me (whiny noise)#(tough) all right tap jockey you owe fat tony fifty bucks cough it up
(scared) look mister iii do not got the cash my clientele  they are all bums they never pay#(tough) just get the money
(tough) homer the mob is puttin' the screws on me see i ain't gettin' killed 'cause you will not pay your tab now give me fifty bucks#(scared) okay take it take it just do not hurt me
(scared) okay take it take it just do not hurt me#(tough) okay pretty boy where is fat tony's fifty bucks ?
(scared) look allallall i got is twentyfive i swear i swear#(tough) it will do for now
homer where did you get that truck ?#(evasive) uh it fell off a truck (beat) you know a trucktruck
homer helen lovejoy never returned my casserole dish from the church potluck could you pick it up ?#(calling out) no problem i will be back in ten minutes
dad you want i should plug him in the ankle ?#you monster just cut his achilles tendon with this knife
(serious) bart mr simpson we are getting out of the mob business right now#but this is the only life i know
i am sorry i just can not live with myself seeing you this way#(gesticulating wildly) can i still talk with my hands ?
i am afraid not#what about with my ears ?
and i can stop looking the other way from what my husband's doing#(repeating motion) lady man lady man (leering) lady
(sniffs meatball) someone poisoned these meatballs homer ?#hey if i poisoned them would i be doing this ?
(sarcastic under breath) class all the way#marge could you let it go ? you won she is dead
int library  a moment later)#yeah put a leash on him lady
oh dear dear dear dear dear dear#spare us your medical mumbojumbo just give us the pills clearcut his brain down to the nub
spare us your medical mumbojumbo just give us the pills clearcut his brain down to the nub#thank you doctor marge ?
(syncopated annoyed grunts)#i have never seen him happier
(frustrated) why could not he give up this like he gives up everything else ?#(getting idea) i know  i will use that whitenoise machine i got you when your father died
(getting idea) i know  i will use that whitenoise machine i got you when your father died#(loud) transport yourself to the shores of nova scotia where cod and halibut frolic in
(shouting) he is just drumming louder#(shouting) so it is a noise war he wants huh ? then i will throw in some rushhour traffic
(shouting) so it is a noise war he wants huh ? then i will throw in some rushhour traffic#and a circus fire
and a circus fire#(shouting louder) sleep tight my angel
(annoyed murmur)#(shouting) what ?
(louder annoyed murmur)#(shouting) oh (beat shouting) let me know when and if you want sex honey
he is gotta fall asleep sometime does not he ?#(despairing moan)
(irritated) just make it happen#boy get dressed you are going to a jazz brunch as punishment for all the racket you are making
i thought you wanted me to drum#("duh") i am sending you mixed messages now get the hell outta here
("duh") i am sending you mixed messages now get the hell outta here#(very affectionate) i love you so much (shaking fist) damn you
i was jamming with skinny turner and marbles le marquez and they want me to join their trio#woo hoo (excited) what is next ? a contract with groovetone records ? take the gtrain baby groovetone
bart a rising star like you needs a manager and gil's your guy oh i am a jazz daddy from way backwith the skitskat skittily boomdeboom and the dingdong daddy is that jazz ? that is jazz right ? (dances some more) chachacha with the curly fries#oh son i like you more now that other people like you
(loud whisper) okay guys no one knows you are here so be quiet and if you get hungry there are rats living in the christmas decorations#and then today at lunch lenny and i went to the park and rented a rowboat carl sketched us from the bank summer days
i feel so terrible i just wanted to save those animals while bart became a drummer but i never thought the two stories would intersect#and what about my new job as a mexican wrestler ?
and what about my new job as a mexican wrestler ?#(spanish) beware of el taco belly (scary noise)
(spanish) beware of el taco belly (scary noise)#no mas no mas
i guess that is it (sniffles) these animals are all gonna die#(dramatic) not if i can help it lisa
(hopeful) do you have an idea ?#uh no sorry if it sounded like i did
(sings) uma shang shang / uma shang shang / uma shang shang (spoken) is like eh bruce springsteen the boss ya ?#i guess
if you buy now i give you tooth ache cream tooth ache cream#(quickly) deal
int old springfield mall  later)#ooh gummy worms
(wise guy voice) uh that candy's been here an awfully long time i'd think twice if i were you#do not tell me how many times to think
do not tell me how many times to think#(intrigued noise)
you are not bringing that thing home#then stand back
then stand back#(ravenous eating noises)
(ravenous eating noises)#(log in mouth) this does not taste like i thought it would
(log in mouth) this does not taste like i thought it would#(ravenous eating noises)
well if you are through let's check out that discount book warehouse#(whines) we already own a book
"wisconsin from above" "veterans' day parades" ooh "smiles of ireland" (flips through it) redheaded twins ? their mother must have her hands full#cool a carpenter's library
cool a carpenter's library#this does not look easy but i will bet it is
well i like the idea of you as a handyman and i love the idea of you reading#oh yeah ? (pretending to read) blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
(turnedon noise)#blah blah blah blah blah blah (etc)
(turnedon noise)#okay now you do me (hands her book)
homie do not you want to build something with your new fixit books ?#i did i made a foot rest
do not you have any followthrough on anything ?#what is the point ? we are all slowly dying
(sad) it is so unfair  i am as handy as any man#you sure are sweetie  i love this bed you made
homer your butt just gave me a brilliant idea#yep it will do that
yep it will do that#"simpsons manlyman handyman" at your service
superlative please install a doggie door sized for a teacup poodle#no problem why do not you go inside and stir your flubber while i get to work
no problem why do not you go inside and stir your flubber while i get to work#(loud whisper) marge the coast is clear
i am terribly sorry i thought i heard the sound of a woman measuring#oh uh that was me you know that old saying "measure like a girl hammer like a guy"
yes but you are holding your hammer backwards#oh uh you know what they say "hammer with the wood and it is all good"
oh uh you know what they say "hammer with the wood and it is all good"#(shimmying) it is allll good
uhoh switch#annnd done
mmhmm simpson you are a master craftsman#listen what would you say if i told you a woman did most of the work ?
i'd have this gazebo torn down and built into a coffin for your manhood#(shrieks)
why did my hypothetical scenario scare you so ?#uh like all manly men i have a vivid imagination
okay gimme all your peanuts goobers and fluffer nutters#mmm extravirgin (drools)
int simpson house  master bedroom  that night)#(into phone) of course i can make a credenza whatever that is just give all the details to my secretary shirley
(unhappy) this is shirley (quick) yes fine he will be there tomorrow goodbye (hangs up)#that shirley is quite a gal we should fix her up with barney
homie i think you are taking a little too much credit for my work i mean look at your tshirt#marge giving me credit was your idea now could you rub my butt ? i sat on it so much it is a little sore
(angry murmur)#(sincere) look i am sorry you are upset but if we tell the truth now i will be humiliated in front of the whole town then you will not be married to a man you will be married to some kind of gay jellyfish floating outside the florida keys cruising for rich snorkelers you do not want that
(tired) why does lenny need a windmill anyway ?#he wants to grind his own corn maybe it will finally shut him up about the high price of cornmeal
he wants to grind his own corn maybe it will finally shut him up about the high price of cornmeal#switch
and to think you built this whole thing with your own two hands#(nervous) who'd you think would help me my wife ? heh
(british accent) are you ready to be lightly assaulted ? (evil chuckle)#(nervous) yeah i hear it too maybe we can cover it up by singing a fun song (panicky singing) "we will we will rock you"
int simpson house  living room  evening)#i am sorry i am sorry i am sorry infinity i never expected them to climb on the cabinet and ride it down the biggest hill in town
i am doing the work and i want the credit#(gingerly) look i understand that you are mad which makes now the perfect time to tell you the mayor's hired us to fix the old springfield roller coaster
(gingerly) look i understand that you are mad which makes now the perfect time to tell you the mayor's hired us to fix the old springfield roller coaster#by the way nice job installing this wallchart bracket (loud whisper) if the kids ask i did it
ext roller coaster site  day)#now as i see it the problem with this roller coaster is there are too many boring "goingup" parts
now as i see it the problem with this roller coaster is there are too many boring "goingup" parts#we need to replace them with kickass "goingdown" parts
mr simpson should not we begin by securing the struts ?#hmm let me mull that over
hmm let me mull that over#(loud sobs) what are struts ? (loud sobs)
(loud sobs) what are struts ? (loud sobs)#(sobs) i do not know anything about struts
so what ? he is paying us fifty grand#and i promised these guys money i do not have and they are gonna be so mad (loud sobs)
let's go home#maybe i can sneak home without them seeing me
maybe i can sneak home without them seeing me#(sobs)
int simpson house  kitchen  evening)#(sad firetruck noises)
if you just gave mom credit maybe she could help you#sweetie you do not understand if i can do this myself then all those lies i told will be true do not you want daddy's lies to be true ?
i'd like a daddy who lived in the real world#to daddy the real world gets fainter and fainter every day
ext rollercoaster site  day)#welcome ladies and gentlemen honored guests and outoftown rollercoaster weirdoes
perfect#and now i give you the zoominator
(impressed) ooooooooooooooooooooh#and now to get stinking drunk
(from the crowd) dad put aside your selfish male ego and tell the truth#sure i will tell them the truth
sure i will tell them the truth#(defiant) the truth is that i am perfect and everything i touch is perfect
oh my god he will kill himself (choking up) he will never hear me say "i told you so"#i have never felt saferrrr
i have never felt saferrrr#uhoh oh (moans) why must we preserve america's historic roller coasters ?
uhoh oh (moans) why must we preserve america's historic roller coasters ?#thank you honey
thank you honey#(to crowd doppler) everyone my stupid male pride made me lie to you everything i claiiimed i did was actually built by maaarge
homer i was pretty upset with you but in the end i i ibeam#avenge me
int hospital room  later)#(sincere) marge i realized something when i was trapped under all that rubble marriage is the real roller coaster (sobs) i am just glad i have you as my safety bar
look a shooting star#hey that is great (amorous) let's look at it after (makeout noises)
(gasp) that almost tore my head off#you always find an excuse not to make out
you always find an excuse not to make out#ooh a space marshmallow
ooh a space marshmallow#where do you think you are going ?
dad no it could teach us the secret of interstellar travel#if he is so smart how come he can not stay outta my mouth ?
if he is so smart how come he can not stay outta my mouth ?#(chewing fighting goo with tongue noises then swallows)
how could you eat that goo ? you do not know what galaxy it is from#marge i ate it it is over
marge i ate it it is over#oh no you do not
oh no you do not#(long loud snorting noise)
(long loud snorting noise)#(long sucking noise) if i can keep down arby's i can keep down you
(long sucking noise) if i can keep down arby's i can keep down you#(mesmerized) must eat then poop then eat some more then eat while pooping
int kitchen  night)#still hungry
dad ?#son let me have a lick at you
(eating/struggling noises)#(mouth full surprised noise)
homer (horrified) you will not eat my stuffed peppers but you will eat our son ?#nag nag nag
is that the cat ?#uh no just gas
ext springfield  rural road  night)#ooh teenagers (hungry noise then catching himself) no today's teens have enough problems without me eating them
(screams) the flames are sealing in my juices#(heroic) i will savor you
(screams three times then) tell my friends i died kissing a girl#no
ext streets of springfield  early morning)#(excited gasp)
(excited gasp)#(intrigued noise) beerbattered germans
(realizing) oh right#must eat more fat people thank god i am in america
i like big guts and i cannot lie / double chins with the chafing thighs / when a dude walks in with the hanging jowls and my stomach starts to growl / i am gettin' hungry / so i masticate / chomping on the overweight / i eat fat people for days / like potato chips by lay's / try to eat just one but it can not be done / i have got to eat a ton / baby likes fat / baby likes fat#(chuckles) i used to think these shirts were just for fat slobs
homer i need to talk to you#(gasp) dr phil mcgraw
you have got a weight problem and you know it#(mopey) you are right starting tomorrow no bread before dinner
(dr phil's voice) are not you ?#that is ridiculous talking fudge
homer your family's here and you gotta help me help them help you help me help you#marge i missed you all this eating has put me in the mood for a little lovin' (sexy growl)
marge i missed you all this eating has put me in the mood for a little lovin' (sexy growl)#well back to the drawing board
i have to be honest with you  i can not love a fourthousandton cannibal#(outraged) what happened to "for better or for worse ?"
dad you are eating dr phil#it is amazing he tastes just like jeffrey tambor
(pained) food does not equal love#marge to keep you in my life i'd do anything there must be some way to turn my problem into a positive for the community
(monstrous groans)#(drunk) bart there is something i have to tell you father to son i passed out on your turtle and killed it someday you will thank me
(drunk) bart there is something i have to tell you father to son i passed out on your turtle and killed it someday you will thank me#(to golem) hey milhouse
can not you read my writing ? i did not say kick homer's "walls"#(innocent) what is goin' on ?
int simpson house  tv room  later)#hey boy where is your mud buddy ? i have a little job for him (evil chuckle)
the cure to any man's problems is a good relationship#(sarcastic) yeah get him a woman that'll end his misery (laughs)
(sarcastic) yeah get him a woman that'll end his misery (laughs)#(moans) this hurts so much
just write a scroll asking him to stop#(disdainful) writing's for nerds (more moans)
we interrupt this dance music from the meridian room in capitol city's fabulous hotel hitler to bring you a special bulletin#hey i am not done dancin' (shakes fist at radio) this bulletin better swing
astronomers say the ominous capsules originated from earth's closest neighbor#flanders ?
(dramatic) mars#(grimly) so it is a war of the worlds good thing we have got the sun on our side
(grimly) so it is a war of the worlds good thing we have got the sun on our side#(agonized moan shakes fist) go ahead and hide you coward
ext springfield  continuous)#burn everything
you know homer we have not actually seen these aliens#that is alien talk
martians ? you do know that radio broadcast was a hoax ?#(shocked cow moo)
(sullen grumbling)#i am proud of what i achieved during my rioting
i am proud of what i achieved during my rioting#(defensive) it was either kill him or kill no one
dad a flying saucer blew up that statue#lisa that was just a radio show
what ? (calling offscreen) homer our son joined the army#eh big deal  by the time bart's eighteen we are gonna control the world (beat) we are china right ?
okay mr simpson we will tear up your son's contract#sorry guys (putupon) you know his mother's the one who made me come down here
salesman) sounds uh like you are kind of tired of being bossed around at home#(very interested) go on
would you be interested in um i do not know joining the army ?#(worried) would not that take me away from my family for two whole years ?
hey a big target like you will be home a lot sooner than that#woo hoo where do i sign ?
woo hoo where do i sign ?#(upbeat expectant) now where is my parade ? (then getting angry) where is my parade ?
we have this issue of parade magazine#(examines it) ooh "who makes what in america" (reads) army private fourteen thousand a year (beat then anguished moan)
(small sob) homie do not do this  you have a wife and three young children at home#(heroic) i have to marge who else is gonna keep oil under a hundred dollars a barrel ?
(heroic) i have to marge who else is gonna keep oil under a hundred dollars a barrel ?#you ? do not make me laugh (sarcastic laugh) you could not
you ? do not make me laugh (sarcastic laugh) you could not#(baby talk) aw no daddy's just teasing of course you could you could keep it under a hundred yes you could
(baby talk) aw no daddy's just teasing of course you could you could keep it under a hundred yes you could#(loud whisper) no she could not
attention ordinarily i would spend the next two hours questioning your sexuality running down your hometowns and telling you to drop and give me various numbers#are you gonna ask us our major malfunctions ? 'cause mine is i care too much
brooklyn hollywood kissimmeest cloud florida maverick blanket hog newman's own master of suspense england's rose nickname pending bram stoker's dracula and (to homer) snowflake#snowflake ? (worried) what happens to me in the summer ?
(whirls) a troublemaker huh ? you are gonna sit here and eat donuts while the rest of the unit does pushups#i do not understand how does punishing them teach me a lesson ?
(barking out) okay listen up#man you have got an awesome voice
well thank you#can you say "side effects may include drowsiness and loss of appetite ?"
can you say "side effects may include drowsiness and loss of appetite ?"#hm sounded better in my head
frontline infantry#everyone got an assignment but us
everyone got an assignment but us#i wonder what makes us so special
gentlemen i will be frank never before has the army accepted recruits with test scores as low as yours#that is an odd way to start handing out medals
i am not handing out medals but i am gonna give you a special assignment the army is conducting war games and we want you (points to homer and other recruits) to play the enemy#are we that stupid ?
(pleased) so they are not shipping you overseas ?#nope i am gonna stay here and let them test their laserguided super weapons on me  like that one
ext countryside  night)#okay these are war games and i am head of my team i have to think like a great military leader
stay crunchy in milk#(determined) i will
(determined) i will#stay crunchy men stay crunchy
ext ridge  night)#oh my god i just remembered it is chinese new year
oh my god i just remembered it is chinese new year#gung hay fat choi gung hay fat choi
gung hay fat choi gung hay fat choi#(shriek) americans
oh guess i'd better do my part (loud horrified scream)#bring it on chumps
bring it on chumps#(wimpy) fingers fingers fingers
(shocked) that is how it works ? i was just drawin' wangs on the numbers#(out of breath desperate) moe moe you gotta hide us from the army
the salvation army ? you got it (cocks shotgun)#not that army the one from "stripes"
okay#thanks moe how can i ever repay you ?
(scared) hey they's usin' live ammo#well what have we got ?
well what have we got ?#rise my pretties find our enemies and capture their image in your filmy fortress
ext springfield retirement castle  day  establishing)#i am not gonna surrender you have seen what the us army does to prisoners (grim) how would you like to be stacked naked in a pile with a hillbilly girl pointing at you and laughing ?
that was our last christmas card#yeah marge always loves your cards (warmly) well you may not be the smartest guys in the army
(sighs) i'd give anything to hear homer's voice#(quick shriek) "h" means "hot" ?
int bedroom  later that night)#(gazes out window chuckles) stupid army searching for me with that giant helicopter in the distance
(looks then urgent) it is not giant and it is not in the distance it is small and it is in our room#(screams) predator drone
dorothy's daughter comes every sunday and brings all kinds of wonderful soups#(anguished noise)
and melvin's son brings a banjo and he works our names into his songs#(even more anguished noise)
do not you dare go limp#hmm let's see what your hangover has to say
int mall  continuous)#dudes wanna make some extra spending money ? get a free pair of boots ? hey baby you like obstacle courses ?
dudes wanna make some extra spending money ? get a free pair of boots ? hey baby you like obstacle courses ?#(unfazed) thinking it over huh ? i am cool with that
(unfazed) thinking it over huh ? i am cool with that#hey pal like the way you handle that mop you like killing ? (to teenage girls) hey ladies are you tired of waiting for sanctions to work ? i know i am
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#hmm i must be supposed to remember something
hmm i must be supposed to remember something#(puzzled noise)
(puzzled noise)#(moans) c'mon memory wake up
(moans) c'mon memory wake up#is it our anniversary ? no we do not have one this year hmmm
int simpson kitchen  moments later)#(frustrated noise) do not forge ? do not forge what ?
(frustrated noise) do not forge ? do not forge what ?#(understanding) ohhh do not forget (panicked) do not forget what ?
(entering) hustle your bustles gang we are going to the senior olympics to root for grampa#the senior olympics ? that is what i was supposed to remember ? (loud moan)
the senior olympics ? that is what i was supposed to remember ? (loud moan)#too late (ominous) the deed is done
ext diving platform  day)#this guy sucks he can barely make it to the top
i wonder if the dog thought about us while we were gone#(gasps) oh i was supposed to take moe fishing today everybody hide
homer we can not scuttle like crabs for the rest of our lives#says you
(reading) "dear pus bag"#whoa marge who'd you piss off ?
(upbeat) thanks so here's my digs#(impressed) moe you live in a hotel ? you are just like "eloise"
int regent hotel  moe's room  a little later)#this vibrating massage chair feels great
what you have got here is poetry#(mocking) oooh moe's a poet he has a soul flutter your wings it is teatime in buttercup junction
(mocking) oooh moe's a poet he has a soul flutter your wings it is teatime in buttercup junction#(pained noises then mocking) moe's the princess of lollipop land (more pained noises then mocking) he lunches on lavender and potpourri
(pained noises then mocking) moe's the princess of lollipop land (more pained noises then mocking) he lunches on lavender and potpourri#(sincere) seriously moe i think you have a gift
thanks homer i love ya man#(mocking) ooh you love a man
i do not care about my grade i am gonna send moe's poem to "american poetry perspectives"#(pounds table) do not mention that publication in this house they never published my poem
(pounds table) do not mention that publication in this house they never published my poem#there once was a rapping tomato / that is right i said rapping tomato / he rapped all day / from april to may / and also guess what it was me
int car  continuous)#ah a family trip with the family bartender  what could be better ?
i am gonna walk away then okay#lousy i gotta go to vermont for some stupid poetry thing
homer do not drink and drive#(exasperated) fine i will drive between sips
(exasperated) fine i will drive between sips#they got an open bar at this thing right ?
they got an open bar at this thing right ?#wow troopers from every state in new england
lisa grab your sightseeing shoes we are going vermonting#it is gonna be awesome
it is gonna be awesome#man couples in this state sure like to clink glasses
(martyred sigh) you guys go ahead i do not think i'd be very good company#(oblivious) hey thanks for the headsup we will see ya when we see ya
int car  closeon homer  day)#i love these covered bridges it is like driving through cute little houses
that was my house you moron#oh i am sorry we should exchange insurance information (beat) i have none
(laugh merrily)#and we went to the "vermont teddy bear" factory look what we got hm ? hm ?
(bursts into tears)#(comforting) oh honey do not cry they are not made from real bears  just their fur and noses
(angry gasp)#(angry) no one makes my daughter sob and run
lisa if you could just forgive me you would make me the happiest man in vermont except for those two dudes i saw gettin' hitched not my thing but i wish 'em well#make my daughter cry will ya eat syrup jerk
(looking up) homer would it make you feel better if any of that hit me ?#no not now
ext roadside maple syrup stand  vermont  day)#hmmm maple syrup sleigh on the label very good
hmmm maple syrup sleigh on the label very good#rich maple color good swirl
rich maple color good swirl#(increasingly bizarre series of mouth noises culminating in) oh jemima
oh you should be ashamed your father works very hard to put lobsters on our table every night he comes home exhausted with his voice too hoarse to talk#(war cry)
int power plant  section 7g  day)#i am the king of goofing off
so what ? that is legal in rolopolo#i thought we were playing cincinnati timewaste
oh in that case#(agonized moan then) what'd i do ?
(agonized moan then) what'd i do ?#hey marge want a thousand dollars ?
("coochie coochie") penalty penalty penalty penalty penalty penalty (etc)#(giggles uncontrollably)
on your feet you sniggering orangutan#(giggles then with an effort stops)
(very enticing) come and lick me big boy i said lick me#(angry) you are not ice cream faker
(angry) you are not ice cream faker#ice cream man wait (runs out)
ext springfield street  continuous)#ice cream man (pleading) ice cream man
(fondly) homer there you are what does my best customer want today ?#(excited) one buttercrusted chocorocket please
i wish i had more customers like you (hangs head weary) i am barely scraping by#(not listening) yeah this economy is tough on everyone (hands him a bill) change a hundred ?
(exhausted) ninetyninefifty ninetynineseventyfive (gasp pained noise)#nooooo
(affectionate) you must be homer#(confused noise) max told you about me ?
(confused noise) max told you about me ?#this is the most fun i have ever had giving you wood
and now i am left with nothing but my lover and this worthless truck#wait a minute you do not want the truck i need a job you need money i am flush with severance pay
(excited) you will buy max's truck ?#why does not he need it ? (realizing) oh right
ext simpson house  front lawn  day)#remember that crappy ice cream truck i bought ?
how can we forget ? mom says now we can not afford to go to the orthodontist#(like a showman) well sink your crooked rotting teeth into this
(impressed) otto you totally pimped dad's ride#(dismissive) he was following my design
(dismissive) he was following my design#and now to get dressed in a most unusual way
int black void)#( la ali g) butterbrickle
eh what the hell#(enticing) you kids like ice cream ?
i am a unitard#(gently) what is the matter son ? do not you have enough money for ice cream ?
i do but i am lactoseintolerant#son i will not stand for intolerance
son i will not stand for intolerance#you give this delightful frozen treat the same respect you would give any lactosefree food god bless america
but my doctor says that i#(pointed) i said god bless america
(moans then desperate) call the number on my bracelet#(fruity) ooh thomeone wearth a brathelet who'th your boyfriend ? (reads bracelet then very worried) dr osterberg ?
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#whoa marge for the first time in my life i am excited about going to work
(sad) i am glad someone in this house feels their life has meaning#(sympathetic) you are glad ? you do not look glad are you sure you know what glad means ?
(sighs) i just wish i could do something to be remembered by something that says "marge was here" after i am gone#(unintelligible comforting words through mouthful of ice cream)
(unintelligible comforting words through mouthful of ice cream)#(upbeat) love you
(happy giggle)#marge i (sees sculpture incredibly excited) folk art ? that is my favorite kind of folk medium
(can not contain it) noooo (trying to recover) i mean yes#marge you are a genius you should make sculptures of other people like lenny or carl or the new james bond will america accept a british james bond ? (excited) i can not wait to find out
(to sculpture) aw you are shivering are you cold ? where you goin' marge ?#honey i brought you more sticks
homie this sculpting has made me feel so fulfilled i am as hopeful and full of life as i was in the years before i met you#it is good to see you smile again i was lonely being happy all by myself
(sexy) well no one's gonna be lonely tonight#let me just put on some romantic music
(makeout noises)#(suave) hey we got the whole night baby  let's slow things down
hey i do more than tv i had a oneman show on broadway that is who showed up  one man (laughs then serious) long story short i won a drama desk award#marge everything looks wonderful
marge everything looks wonderful#well i am off to pedal my frosty wares
(panicked) you can not go to work i need you here for emotional support  plus you make a small crowd look huge#sweetie i can not abandon my route even for one day if those kids discover the link between eating right and feeling good i am screwed but i will be back in time for your show
the show starts at three you promise you will be here ?#i would never let you down our marriage is like softserve ice cream and trust is the hard chocolate shell that keeps it from melting onto our carpet in coneclusion here's the scoop i love you
(swoons)#(furious) what the hell do you kids want ? (realizes) oh right ice cream
(impressed gasp)#oh my god it is the opportunity of a lifetime
oh my god it is the opportunity of a lifetime#attention losers this is your chance to buy your kids some frozen love
(panicked) hey give me one of everything hey#sorry i am all out of ice cream
already ? it is only thirtyeight seconds to three#(shrieks) marge's show
int homer's truck  continuous)#must jettison excess weight
must jettison excess weight#(checks watch) oh my god i have only got nine seconds till marge's show
ext springfield street  continuous)#(worried noise) i will never make it (getting idea) unless
(worried noise) i will never make it (getting idea) unless#woo hoo i am gonna be on time
woo hoo i am gonna be on time#(short scream)
(short scream)#(short scream)
(short scream)#(short scream)
(short scream)#(long scream)
(peeved) see statements like that are why people think we are gay#(woozy) i made it back for your show honey
(eerily calm) well homer you destroyed my artwork and my dreams good job very thorough#marge let me explain i had a chance to make a little more money by exploiting broken families
oh stop just stop you do not care about anyone else's happiness but your own#(yelling) well excuse me for having enormous flaws that i do not work on
ext simpson house  night)#marge ? marge ?
marge ? marge ?#honey you have been in there all day you gotta eat something why do not you come downstairs and cook dinner ? lasagna would be awesome (beat) marge ?
honey you have been in there all day you gotta eat something why do not you come downstairs and cook dinner ? lasagna would be awesome (beat) marge ?#(sweetly) marge i wrote you a check for three hundred dollars to pay for all the sculptures i broke okay ?
(sweetly) marge i wrote you a check for three hundred dollars to pay for all the sculptures i broke okay ?#oh i see you would prefer a wire transfer what is your routing number ?
oh i see you would prefer a wire transfer what is your routing number ?#that is okay i can get it from the bank honey i just need to know your birthday
that is okay i can get it from the bank honey i just need to know your birthday#marge ? i have an apology that i hope is better than all the other ones so please listen carefully the thing i liked best about being an ice cream man wasn't the free ice cream or the colorful toppings or the love i received from obese children it was giving you those sticks and watching you smile as you turned them into art
marge ? i have an apology that i hope is better than all the other ones so please listen carefully the thing i liked best about being an ice cream man wasn't the free ice cream or the colorful toppings or the love i received from obese children it was giving you those sticks and watching you smile as you turned them into art#if it would win you back i would gradually eat all the parts of a motorcycle i hope it does not come to that could you please just give me a sign that you still love me a little ?
if it would win you back i would gradually eat all the parts of a motorcycle i hope it does not come to that could you please just give me a sign that you still love me a little ?#if you will not talk to me i will send in polaroids to show you how sad i am that i let you down
int bedroom  continuous)#i am laughing in the last one but it is only 'cause the cat fell down the stairs
ext simpson house  establishing  morning)#(waking sounds then suddenly) marge ?
(waking sounds then suddenly) marge ?#marge ?
mom mom (etc)#(yelling) marge where are you ? did you change your name ? is it kelly ? (even louder) kelly
(pointing os) there is mom#(to self) oh my god she is gonna jump (stops car jumps out) marge do not do it give divorce a chance
(calling down) homer i wanna show the world how i feel about you#the world's not that interested
homer you wanted a sign that i still love you so here it is#wow you made me a sculpture of magilla gorilla
now i know that my legashe is really a legawe#i just have one question my darling what did you do with all the ice cream that was on all those sticks ?
you are the worst husband in the world#yeah ? well i wish i'd married patty and selma
(on tape) do not you spit sunflower seeds at me#(on tape) you used to love it
(on tape) you used to love it#(chuckles) recording that fake fight was a great idea
dear lord thank you for the physical intimacy we are about to enjoy#and as always have fun watching
and as always have fun watching#(sports pep talk) goooo lovemaking
(sports pep talk) goooo lovemaking#(on tape) and i hate the cutesy way you make jackolanterns i like scary halloween not funny halloween
(confused) county fair music ?#(goofy sexual giggling)
dad do not make me go i will give you a back rub#(pleased shudder) oh your elbow's like an angel's kiss but you still have to go
why ?#son we all have to do things we do not want to (becoming distraught) like have jobs and families and responsibilities and having to be mr funny all the time  you think i would not rather be living nude in the forest ? like some ancient pagan just dancing around playing the pan flute (moans then chipper) and here we are
yeah#too late
(looking at nelson and bart) look at our kids playin' like champs#yeah how'd you afford this kickass party ?
carnival ride hit me on the head#(impressed noise)
when you are done putting lisa to bed we can uh (sexily) finish what we started the other day#woo hoo marital sex
woo hoo marital sex#(quickly) okay tucked in tight glass of water nightlight on (glancing around) no barn owls do not do drugs love you good night
dad can not you read me a story for a little bit ?#(pleading) but your mother smells like coconut
(pleading) but your mother smells like coconut#okay sweetie which book should i read ?
"angelica button and the dragon king's trundle bed" it is the ninth book in the "angelica button" series#oh yeah this is that fantasy book that even grownups like broken lonely grownups
oh yeah this is that fantasy book that even grownups like broken lonely grownups#"chapter one the rubystone in the doorportal" (to lisa) are you asleep yet ?
no#(loud sigh)
int lisa's room  continuous)#"angelica trembled as she looked up at the stern but wise whiskers of headmaster greystash"
nooo#(gasps)
(gasps)#(urgent) lisa wake up they are taking angelica to mount purgatorium
(sleepy) oh dad i am tired we will read more tomorrow#tomorrow ? but she is in trouble now i will just read ahead without you
no we have to read it together#oh of course whatever you say sweetie nightynight
int simpson house  front hall  night)#(calling) lisa i am home time for me to read to you
you must read ahead fiction is your passion#lady you are nice but i am married
just read the book you shaved ape#ow i can not read ahead  i promised lisa i would not
just take a peek at the title of the next chapter and see if you can resist#(very intrigued) "an unexpected occurrence ?" what could it be ?
int simpson house  lisa's room  a little later)#(reading) "angelica was trapped in the suffoclock of sandy doom"
(reading) "angelica was trapped in the suffoclock of sandy doom"#"as headmaster greystash fought a battle to the finish with dark wizard maluicious krubb"
(sad) greystash#(choked up) he killed greystash
int simpson house  lisa's room  night)#(sobbing) oh greystash greystash (calmly) oh hello lisa
c'mon dad read the last chapter everyone says there is a big surprise  i bet angelica discovers that she is a wizard#uh how would you feel if something bad happened to greystash ?
it would be the day my childhood ended#(shrieks)
come on read read#"angelica was trapped in the suffoclock of sandy doom"
why are you stopping ? we are almost at the happy ending#("reading") "greystash looked krubb right in the eye and said"
(giddy laughs)#the end
is that really how it ends ? what happened to the merlinical council ?#uh they went to star wars land and fought star wars
dad you can read to me anytime#(to himself) now lisa will not know about death till it strikes someone close to her
int moe's tavern  a little later)#(sobbing) greystash greystash
gee you are really upset about this greystash thing#do not say his name in your mouth it sounds like dirt
homer it is just a book#(upset) no man should outlive his fictional wizard no man (sobs)
(touched) awwww#just think lisa if i had paid for those skating lessons that could've been you
grumply grumply groo i will throw my net over you#(standing up scared) look out it is the grumple
(annoyed noise) come on homer let's get the kids out of here (looks around) homer ?#give back that holiday cheer you bastard
yeah maybe i should spend the night here too#(firmly) you are getting a cab old man in fact i believe i see it now
but i have not given you a present#your present is leaving
well i figured since you invited me to stay i might as well go down to the bus locker and get my stuff#marge we have a problem here
grumply grumply groo your blood will make my stew#(loud whisper to marge) do you think that is the same grumple from the ice show ? because i do
int living room  continuous)#why did you let that loser into our home ?
christian charity#christian charity ? what does a porn star have to do with this ? he is gotta go
i promise you he will leave after today#really ? who is gonna make him ?
i will#he sure has a lot of markers that do not work
well i got somethinga spider bite or as i like to call it a "christmas kiss"#do not worry i make six of those a year
wait you do not have a place to live ?#(loud whisper) lower the boom
(exasperated sigh) i guess you do not have to leave till the holiday's over#(loud whisper) has the boom been lowered ?
(loud whisper) no#(loud whispered annoyed grunt)
int kitchen  continuous)#we are not keeping that moocher in this house another minute
he is still in need we have to let him stay it is what dr king would want us to do#oh that is it  we are changing doctors
please just a few more days#marge admit it  you just can not say "no" to anyone (explaining) that is why you have three kids
it is true  i do have trouble saying "no" (slumps) it all started when i was seven#(dramatic) yes we are
and that is why i have trouble saying "no" to people  even gil#marge i have no idea what you were just thinking about why would you think i did ?
what isa matter homer ? do you still miss the upn ?#(grumpy) yeah but there is something else there is this loser staying in our house marge says she is gonna kick him out but then she never does
well you can not kick him out 'cause then marge will never learn to assert herself#well i guess i will have to wait for marge to show some backbone and (notices something) you again ?
well i guess i will have to wait for marge to show some backbone and (notices something) you again ?#what the hell is this thing ?
homie wake up i rented that negligee you like#(amorous) those legs go on forever oh wait they stop right there
homer do not forget it is valentine's day whatcha gettin' the mrs ?#(gritted teeth) a heartshaped box of chocolates
well i am still a winner as long as i have got a cupa coffee and a tomorrow on the calendar ol' gil's comin' back (then) say homer how 'bout closin' up that robe ? i am seeing the whole butcher shop#(bitterly) for your information since i bought it i put on a ton of weight
(singing) a credit to old ireland/ is macnamara's band#(anguished) their drunken singing is ruining st patrick's day
i will tell you what (strident) we are going to scottsdale#scottsdale ? will we stay at a tripletree resort ?
sure#then forget it
(gasp)#gunderson
whoa gil's a big shot#(dreamy) and to think he and i once shared a shower
i do not care how successful gil is he is still a mooch and i need to tell him off#a hundred and seventeen degrees (nervous) ooo that reminds me
a hundred and seventeen degrees (nervous) ooo that reminds me#(loud) there is water under the seat
(heavy panting worried moan)#now remember marge we are not buying anything for more than onepointtwo but if i scratch my nose that means we can go to onepointfive
i was so happy on that island#i have never seen marge want to go somewhere so badly i am gonna take her back there by burning that home movie onto a dvd
int simpson house  tv room  day)#i have never seen marge like a dvd about a place so much i am gonna make her dream come true by downloading that movie onto her ipod
int simpson car  later)#marge i am sorry i could not figure out how to get that movie onto your ipod so i am taking the family on a surprise vacation to barnacle bay
ext ferry dock  aerial establishing shot  day)#we left plenty of food so you will not starve
we left plenty of food so you will not starve#i was talking to the cat
(sad sigh) this was my favorite seahorse i called him mr funnygoodfeeling (looks closer horrified) oh god someone carved swastikas on your eyes#(calming) oh marge i am sure it was just some guy filled with hate
dip your berries ? / powder your jellies ?#you could caramel my arm
(italian) i make it nice and sticky heh ?#(anguished scream then calmly) i did not say "stop"
homer that is too much sugar#(argumentative) it is not sugar it is caramel
excuse me skipper  this island used to be a paradise what happened ?#(scoffs) i bet it was bill clinton's fault
no no it was long before him#(shaking head) slick willie wiggles out of another one
(wistful) i guess in the end nothing's as good as you remember#(sweetly) oh i can not stand to see your mother unhappy but this town could be great for your mother again (coy) and i know three people who can make it happen
ext boardwalk  a little later)#nice brush work emily nathaniel you could learn a lot from her
ext lowquality inn  evening)#oh maarge we have a surpriise come to the window and look down at the street
homer this is wonderful (looks around) where are the kids ?#oh they are getting a little exercise
can i go again ?#all night long baby
(gasps of delight)#blue pinwheel red pinwheel big white ball wait for the "aaahhh"
aaahhh#a green spinner to build suspense and then the big finale the (makes loud rapid fireworks noises)
(horrified screams)#(upbeat) oh so forming an angry mob eh ? who we goin' after ?
well at least they left your underwear on that was nice of them#(small moan) i think the hook is touching my brain (incomprehensible babbling)
my husband meant no harm there must be some way he can pay for what he did (thinks) he is good at opening jars#dammit
i say let him fish it off (gloating) these waters are so barren by the time he pays the debt he will be as old and as queer as i am (chuckles)#(worried) queer strange or queer gay ?
ext ship  out at sea  day)#how many yumyum fish did we get ?
(sighs) none just a few slarg fish#ew it tastes terrible
no you do not eat it its oil is used to polish stripper poles#finally something even i would not eat well maybe a little more
finally something even i would not eat well maybe a little more#terrible
int ship  dining area  evening)#here you go  beerbattered shrimp
wait this is bait homer i told you to beer batter the shrimp and bait the hooks (realizing angry) did you do the opposite ?#uh i thought today was opposite day by the way you are very ugly (loud whisper) it is opposite day
(aggravated) it is not opposite day#(thinks) so that means it is opposite day
we are gonna be rich and it is all thanks to you homer or should i say chief fish clubber homer#(moved) i do not know what to say
oh homie i am so worried but if i concentrate our love is so strong i know i can hear your thoughts#("letter from camp") dear marge how are you ? i am fine the waves here are way bigger than the ones at home and the salt water is rising what is next ? pepper water ? ha ha love ya homer simpson
ext ship  deck  continuous  moments later)#bart ? what the hell are you doing in there ?
(emotional) dad i could not stay with mom and lisa while you were out here#(touched) aw son
they were gonna go to the folk art museum then they were gonna paint crab shells (disdain) not crush them paint them#(sagely) you did the right thing boy
ext stormy seas  continuous)#watch me drive a golf ball off the bow
watch me drive a golf ball off the bow#yeahhhh
int bridge  continuous)#shiiiii pwreck
we are still gonna make it are not we dad ?#(gently) uh sure we will son right captain ?
absolutely bart the sea would not dare take the life of an applecheeked young lad like yourself#(loud whisper) should i hit him with a shovel to spare him the pain of drowning ?
(loud whisper) not yet#(loud whisper) what is the code word ?
(loud whisper) what is the code word ?#(praying) oh mother sea  giver of fish taker of boats toilet to the world the greeks called you poseidon the romans aquaman look into thy starfish heart and protect our souls so we might live to go tubing on thee again
(praying) oh mother sea  giver of fish taker of boats toilet to the world the greeks called you poseidon the romans aquaman look into thy starfish heart and protect our souls so we might live to go tubing on thee again#(wistful) do you think your mother will ever remarry ?
(nonchalant) in about two seconds#why you little
all we do know is they are in heaven now hanging their lines off a cloud and fishin' for airplanes#the hell we are
how did you make it ?#(chuckles) well handsome here was in big troublewhen suddenly
(chuckles) well handsome here was in big troublewhen suddenly#(gasps) oh my god it is beautiful
welcome homer to our watery realm#(puzzled) wait a minute how am i breathing ?
(peppy) you are not#then when all seemed lost
lot of garbage fish today#i can not go back to living on the surface world i can not
i can not go back to living on the surface world i can not#then they brought us home
int chapel  present day)#so that is our story oh wait we were attacked by a giant whale he turned out to be pretty cool
int simpson car  continuous)#ah nothin' beats taking a family drive with our new satellite radio
ah nothin' beats taking a family drive with our new satellite radio#which of the twentyfive easylistening stations should we listen to ?
"chill thunder" "chill thunder"#(chuckles) you are all idiots i am putting it on chill thunder lite
outta my way ya seatbelt wearin' cowards#hey nobody cuts me off
hey nobody cuts me off#how is it goin' ?
homer no revenge never solves anything#then what is america doing in iraq ?
papa may we have petit fours ?#(genial) may we ? may we ? (french accent enthusiastic) mais oui
monsieur simpson#(quick scream)
you are under arrest for treason#treason ? but i love france the way all our words are either a girl or a guy oh that is the best
tell it to le baton#i do not want the kids to see me this way
int courtroom  continuous)#i did not write that even if i did love england i'd play it cool wait for it to come to me
i sentence you to life#you moron i am already alive
in prison#(quick scream)
int chateau d'if  hallway  continuous)#i should not be here i was framed
(incredulous) hey wait did you guys hear that ? he just admitted it guys ? (beat) oh man this place is so unfair#are you gonna torture me ?
now get some sleep  you have got a nine am rat helmet#(small moan) nine am ?
(small moan) nine am ?#i swear revenge on meaux even if it takes me the rest of my life (to lenny) can you loosen my arm so i can shake my fist ?
("you are the boss") you are the traitor#revenge (calm) okay
int prison cell  night)#oh little mouse you are the only thing that keeps me sane
oh little mouse you are the only thing that keeps me sane#(slumps) now i have nothing
perhaps i may be of help#(gasps) where did you come from ?
i am your cellmate you never noticed me because frankly you are extremely selfcentered#oh sorry i wasn't listening i was checking out my reflection in this yellow water (chuckles looking down) lookin' good
i spent thirty years digging this tunnel but now i can not use it i am simply too old#(helpfully) and decrepit
(small annoyed noise then) but you can escape  and use this map to retrieve my buried treasure with it you can have your revenge#("ooh la la") oooh the the but why are you helping me ?
(sincere) well because before my wretched life comes to a close i want to know that i had one friend also because while you slept i violated you repeatedly#(beat then) so this map leads to a treasure huh ?
(beat then) so this map leads to a treasure huh ?#i wonder how long this tunnel
ext chateau d'if  night  continuous)#(doppler) iiiiiis
ext underwater  continuous)#(underwater annoyed grunt)
(underwater annoyed grunt)#mon dieu weee
mon dieu weee#(disgusted) ew silver
(disgusted) ew silver#(seeing something) ooh a penny
(seeing something) ooh a penny#(chuckles) this is my lucky day
(excited murmurs) when we meet the count do you think he will like us ? / i have heard rumors he is mysterious#madame you have the shapely hairless knuckles of a queen
(flattered giggle)#monsieur meaux i would be honored if you would be the first to enjoy the evening's entertainment
monsieur meaux i would be honored if you would be the first to enjoy the evening's entertainment#here it is the harmless chair of relaxation
i have heard about these things they are good for doin' the wife right ?#(angry noise then controlling himself) little do you know that the count of monte cristo is in fact an old acquaintance of yours
ma ?#i have returned
(puzzled noises)#(realizing) oh hold on
homer you are back#oui oui and i have spent the last five years plotting the most exquisite revenge
homer#(proud) yes my love ?
papa meaux papa meaux#(shocked) you guys liked him ?
we were together for five years now who is gonna take care of the triplets ?#but marge i did it all for you
for me huh ? what took you so long ?#it takes time to make a revenge machine this awesome plus in the middle i had to take revenge on some of my contractors
so you see homer revenge only leads to misery#(singing sean paultype jamaican rap)
weren't you listening ? i just told you a whole story about revenge#oh right  revenge
int simpson car  day)#i am gonna get my revenge and if i get caught i am pinning it on the baby like the time i shot mr burns
dad wait i have got a story about why revenge is wrong#(hopefully) is it "the count of monte cristo ?" 'cause i love that story
no#(disappointed moan)
int car  continuous)#wow that had what i really like in a story an ending
the point dad is that when you take revenge you become just as bad as the person you harm#(warmly) no sweetie the lesson is (grim) never put down your weapon
(grim) never put down your weapon#revenge
look at that view it reminds me how insignificant we are in the world yee haw#(to self) this is it it is taken all day we have missed our flight to hawaii but finally i will get my revenge
dad wait you have not heard my story#you ? you are too dumb to tell a story
you ? you are too dumb to tell a story#no seriously you are great  let's hear it (rolls eyes)
you should feel lucky not many boys have parents who can afford to take them to the opera every night#parents who are still alive i might add
hand over your wallet#you do not frighten me
you do not frighten me#or my wife
or my wife#or my
shut up#(dying) avenge me (dies then revives) in flamboyant impractical fashion (dies)
so you see revenge is great and there is three ways to talk about it (losing steam) although two of the ways were kind of the same way and even the third one might have worked better as a halloween story#(chuckles) that is okay boy the two of us got to talking
look at all them stars how many do you think there are ?#two
what the ? two ? you think there are two ? well i never how could (groans then resigned) why do you think it is that mankind is so inclined towards hatin' one another ?#(thoughtful) i do not know let's just lay here till we figure it out
tomorrow's multicultural day at school#(waking up) now what do they want ? (falls back asleep snores)
(heartfelt) aw grampa we should take lots of pictures of him while we still can#(waking up) camera's broken (falls back to sleep snores)
int homer's car  continuous)#(warmly) oh i can not believe this day is already here me taking you for your first driving lesson
me taking you for your first driving lesson#hey that jerk cut us off pull alongside
hey that jerk cut us off pull alongside#eat marshall tucker idiot
homer is that you ?#(short shriek then to bart) floor it
(quick) and that thing where you are walking and someone's walking towards you and you each try to step aside but you both go the same way and you do it again and again until one of you just scoots around ? they had seven names for that#(in audience) whoa you just blew my mind
(quickly) show is over let's go#what is your hurry ?
(nervous) well some of my report um wasn't thoroughly factchecked#aw my little girl's just like cbs news
hey guys i will see you in a bit i entered a thousand mile baja road race#hold on there boy if you wanna keep using that car you would better start pullin' your weight
hold on there boy if you wanna keep using that car you would better start pullin' your weight#this cell phone is so i can call you whenever i need your driving services i have put in my own ring tone
this cell phone is so i can call you whenever i need your driving services i have put in my own ring tone#(loud) hello bart ?
(loud) hello bart ?#(loud whisper) i need you to go the gas station tell them you need to inflate your tires but actually you inflate these volleyballs
(loud whisper) i need you to go the gas station tell them you need to inflate your tires but actually you inflate these volleyballs#(loud whisper) then throw them over the wall of the prison to create chaos and confusion
(groggy) hello ?#(drunk) bart buddy it is your dad i need a ride i think i am in chinatown (beat) not our chinatown
oh man (answers it) what now ?#boy i do not wanna freak you out but i am calling from inside the trunk
boy i do not wanna freak you out but i am calling from inside the trunk#that was me some very uncool people put me in here
shut up shut up shut up#(shrieks) it is dark in here
i am bart simpson who the hell are you ? (then realizing) oh right (slight chuckle) darcy#(loud) bart this is a matter of life and death what is the difference between ketchup and catsup ?
what is the difference between ketchup and catsup ?#(doppler) they are gonna cut my head offff
(shocked) what ? not you fibbing bear#(conversational) you know my greatgreat grandmother was an indian i guess i should've mentioned that before huh ?
me and my girlfriend darcy have gone to utah to get married fyi she is pregnant"#(chuckling) simpson men get the job done
(chuckling) simpson men get the job done#(grave) it is a tragedy a real tragedy i mean what kind of tramp gets knocked up before she is even married ?
(loud whisper) i did#(realizing) i mean in this day and age when the link between sex and pregnancy has been proven so conclusively in scientific american where (trails off)
okay we can trace where the kids are by the charges they made on your card (checks notes) in colorado they charged two hundred dollars worth of bubble gum#actually that was me
(reading off bill) "dingle's berries" in provo utah ?#why would i go to utah ? i love booze caffeine and monogamy
(holds up note) our daughter says she is run off with your son#did she mention she was knocked up ?
(shocked) no#oops sorry for the spoiler
you know i thought darcy and i would be like a real married couple instead we just ended up fighting all the time#(eyes darting) yeah how 'bout that ?
you know for a while i was kinda looking forward to bein' a dad#son one day you are going to be a great father
(sweetly) aww and someday you will be one too#thanks boy (tousles bart's head chuckles) hey for old time's sake you wanna drive me around while i sing public domain songs out the window ?
(laughing and scoffing)#i will i will be rich i will own a football team and a basketball team and i will make them play baseball
int springfield high school  24 years ago (color)  day)#stop it winston
homer is so amazing he can chug a beer and pitch woo at the same time#(chugging beer distorted) the light from your eyes could guide a ship at sea
(chugging beer distorted) the light from your eyes could guide a ship at sea#(looking for approval) eh ?
ext lawn  present (color)  day)#(stagy) hm what is changed for me since the last time i saw you ? only everything
(shocked) i can not believe it homer simpson a bloody millionaire#why do you sound so shocked ? this is our fifth take
wheee / (delighted chuckles)#now that i am superwealthy i can buy them whatever their hearts desire (chuckles) that is why rich kids turn out so well
int lakeside mansion  kitchen  present)#(explaining) you see declan i made my millions with a simple invention  (grandiose) "the condiment pen"
(explaining) you see declan i made my millions with a simple invention  (grandiose) "the condiment pen"#(demonstrating) just click the buttons at the top and you can choose from ketchup mustard mayo and relish
(demonstrating) just click the buttons at the top and you can choose from ketchup mustard mayo and relish#(loud whisper) i got the idea from the regular pen
can i use it on fish and chips ?#i do not know you can put horseradish on your dead mother for all i care the point is i am rich rich rich (booming voice) just look  my dog has his own jacuzzi
i do not know you can put horseradish on your dead mother for all i care the point is i am rich rich rich (booming voice) just look  my dog has his own jacuzzi#(delighted giggle oblivious) he loves it
(gasp) what are you people doing in my summer home ?#(covering) uh this is eduardo my pool boy he thinks he is an angry rich man
i am an angry rich man#(loud whisper to declan) that is the pool chemicals talking
(katharine hepburn accent) oh fahther my pony buttercup can jump ever so high (noticing mr burns normal voice) hooboy it is mr burns#(begging) please mr burns pretend you work for me you can have the boy just do not beat him (loud whisper) you can beat him just do not leave marks
then i just want to know why your husband did what he did#i will tell you why
i will tell you why#it is been another eight years and what do i have ? same job same house same dirty joke book
it is been another eight years and what do i have ? same job same house same dirty joke book#(wan laugh)
(wan laugh)#(depressed) i just thought for once i could be the cool guy in your movie but all i am is the guy who makes everyone else look good
i actually feel affection for these knuckledragging submonkeys i feel sorry for homer simpson#i will pay for most of this
int editing room  continuous)#(suspicious) all right you lured me to your bay now what sick game are you playing ?
i have some footage to show you#(fearful) oh spirit are you gonna show me my future ? my snowflecked grave mourned by no man ? well it is not too late for me to change
(fearful) oh spirit are you gonna show me my future ? my snowflecked grave mourned by no man ? well it is not too late for me to change#you there boy buy me a christmas goose the biggest one in the shop
at bedtime he tucks me in tighter than anyone else could and you know what ? (smiles) no monsters have gotten me yet#wow i have a pretty good life after all
homer do not kill the foreign man#relax marge (chuckles) i wasn't gonna kill him
relax marge (chuckles) i wasn't gonna kill him#all those years i was dreaming of other things i was actually doing what i really wanted hanging out with my family drinking with my friends making friends with my family and hanging with my drinking
all those years i was dreaming of other things i was actually doing what i really wanted hanging out with my family drinking with my friends making friends with my family and hanging with my drinking#marge you are my real dream come true and i get to live you every day
the family can not start the day without me#relax baby while you were dreaming of me and calling me "james" i took care of everything
(relieved) homie you woke up early ?#eh stumbled home at dawn same diff now do not worry i packed everyone's lunches and sent them off into the world
why do i have to go to a stupid psychiatrist ? i told a scary story big deal#look boy nobody knows better than me that you are a lost cause but the school's paying for five sessions and there is a chinese restaurant next door where i can get drunk
(thick chinese accent) mr simpson / you good man / we happy see you / you not come long time / come sit drinkydrinky / where is margie ? she super lady /#(chuckles)
(sad realization) and my dad never takes me on the merrygobooger he is always passed out in the parking snot#he is lying
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#(laughs) look at those dumb hillbillies i bet they do not even know what (searches) something is
dad those kids are not dumb this show just perpetuates the stereotype that all yokels are hicks#look at those morons  they sing because they are stupid (hearty laugh)
nooooo#permission to moan ?
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#okay everyone straight ahead is my big surprise
(tripping falling noises followed by moans)#look out for the stairs
this basement is a wonderful gift to the family but how could you afford it ?#marge we are not going to have to worry about money ever again because i have got a plan
int courthouse  courtroom  day)#i'd like to declare bankruptcy please
mr simpson do you understand how bankruptcy works ?#yes i do under chapter thirteen of the fiscal code an individual whose debts exceed his assets may file for bankruptcy thus protecting said assets
that was the old bankruptcy law#(puzzled noise)
under the new law you have to pay your creditors everything#what the ? but i thought bankruptcy was the cool law the one that says "dude do not worry about it i got this"
(considers) i will allow it#(long anguished moan)
you throw over one thousand dollars a month into local wishing wells#of course you idiot 'cause i am wishing for more money
uhhuh well you are going to have to make some serious cutbacks to your expenses (reads list) three subscriptions to "vanity fair ?"#(defensive) i have got three bathrooms do not i ? next
shut up it is an instructional website shut up#give it here i will find some fat we can trim (reads list) here you go a giant useless expense for something that no one is interested in
i do not wanna leave you promised me i could die here#no no this place is too expensive i saw you doing a "fivehundred piece" jigsaw puzzle in there
no no this place is too expensive i saw you doing a "fivehundred piece" jigsaw puzzle in there#(sad) come on dad i am cuttin' back everywhere to save gas i am "flintstoneing" the car
(sad) come on dad i am cuttin' back everywhere to save gas i am "flintstoneing" the car#(pained groan)
(pained groan)#(groaning) yabba dabba (great pain) dooooo
grampa's driving me crazy#why are you telling me ? he is your fatherinlaw
can we at least get out of the house for an evening ?#sure but i think you are exaggerating the problem
(angry noise)#what are you doing here pattyorselma ?
for some reason she does not trust him maybe it is the bangup job he did raising you#he was a great dad every year he got so mad when santa did not bring me presents
all right lips man your kissing stations this is not a drill#well here we are home early
(opening front door) yeah and the great prices at that new rib joint were the surprise of the evening#(shocked gasps)
(shocked gasps)#(short shriek) a bear is eating my father
i am selma#(short shriek) a talking bear is eating my father
int simpson living room  moments later)#dad do you know what you were kissing ? do you ? do you ?
(defiant) yeah i know who i was kissing and i also know why i am a little shaky on when and where but i got my theories#well i never ever want to see that again
ah the hell with you i just might ask that selma girl out and you can not tell me not to (points upward) my roof my rules (storms out)#oh why did i borrow that roof from him ?
pick a lane freaks#(grumbling) it is not right it is like an old sea turtle dating a suitcase that fell out of a plane
be nice homer do not you see how great it is that they found each other ? like how the parts of a pig nobody wants combine to make a yummy hot dog#oh now you are dragging hot dogs into this real classy marge real classy
int moe's  day)#(moans) how could my dad go out with selma ? do not those two gargoyles know that love is for goodlooking young people ?
well gee homer you uh ain't exactly opencasket material yourself#(sobs) words hurt you know
ext street  evening)#(muttering) stupid selma and grampa how dare they find happiness ?
it is me  patty#oh great who are you in love with ? bart ?
look if you wanna break up your father and selma i have a plan but it involves you#okay but i am not good at details or the big picture i also show up late and drunk
okay but i am not good at details or the big picture i also show up late and drunk#(loud whisper) i have got a good feeling about this
hello homer#(shrieks) selma
do you have your disguise ?#(spanish accent) hola i am esteban de la sexface (normal accent) that means stephen of the sexface
okay now let's prepare our mental images so we can kiss each other without barfing#(aroused noises)
(very stilted makeout noises)#oh baby
what the hell is going on here ?#dos selmas ? ayyiyi
(shocked) homer why would you try to break us up ?#(wistful) i guess i always dreamed that my father would grow old alone
selma) our love is so strong not even a thousand crazy schemes could tear it apart#(intrigued) a thousand eh ?
(mocking laughter)#nooooooo
dad do not throw rice it makes the birds swell up#oh lisa that is one of those rumors you get off the internet
oh lisa that is one of those rumors you get off the internet#hey selma want some rice ?
walk with me#spooky
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#(spanish accent) so how long is seor homer out of town for ?
(coy) oh i do not know he might come home any minute#then i must flee
then i must flee#(furious) where is he ? where is he ? i smell his aftershave
(murmurs) i do not think we are doing this right#where is he ? i know he is in here
(singing) happy birthday dear homer / happy birthday to you#(warm sincere) i do not have to make a wish because i already have this wonderful family (quickly under his breath) i wish for infinity hamburgers (extremely deep breath then blows)
(warm sincere) i do not have to make a wish because i already have this wonderful family (quickly under his breath) i wish for infinity hamburgers (extremely deep breath then blows)#(puzzled noise then blows even harder)
(puzzled noise then blows even harder)#(chuckles "getting joke" out of breath) oh i get it these are those trick candles you can not blow out
(concerned) no dad they are the opposite#"ez blo" (shocked noise)
"ez blo" (shocked noise)#(grimly) this ends now (deep breath then blowing noise then extreme wheezing and gasping)
(grimly) this ends now (deep breath then blowing noise then extreme wheezing and gasping)#(exhausted wheezing)
(gently) it is okay homie you are probably just tired from not doing anything all day#(out of breath) uhhuh uhhuh
ext large magazine building  day)#i will just focus on one area (deep breath blows on one candle wheezes again) how many did i get ? none ? that is cool (wheezes)
i will just focus on one area (deep breath blows on one candle wheezes again) how many did i get ? none ? that is cool (wheezes)#(exhausted blowing passingout noise)
you could buy a fireproof safe#or we could just resolve to be more careful with our open flames
sir we have been here six times this month#yeah but uh (chastened "caught" little kid) one of those i dialed nineoneone by mistake but i was too embarrassed to admit it so i set the house on fire it feels good to tell the truth no i am lying again it feels bad
okay everyone gets to put one precious item in our fireproof safe for me it is the family photo album#(touched) aw our kids used to be so cute
(touched) aw our kids used to be so cute#used to ?
used to ?#oh deal with it
it is so hard to choose just one item worthy of the safe (holds up diagram) so i made this elaborate decision tree which in itself is worthy of preservation (small chuckle)#(taps watch) tick tock sweetie
(quickly) i picked my malibu stacy hybrid convertible it runs on her old makeup and outofstyle shoes#i am going with the cologne i wore on our first date (chuckles)
int editor's office  continuous)#i do not know (considers) maybe the krusty doll accidentally turned on the car's headlights which focused on the cologne bottle causing it to boil and soon explode
oh man (sobs) i thought i was strong enough to get through this again  but i am not (breaks down)#(sobs) oh captain janeway your mission ended too soon (beat) too soon
bart looks so cute as a mighty oak in the school play#here i am on the space shuttle orbiting earth
and they pay big money for photos#marge this is not like you
(fasttalking) this is good real good like lindsay lohan looking drunk high and bony (pretends to click camera twice) click click career over see ya in the gutter freckles homer i will pay ya two hundred bucks bring me more snaps like this and i will make you a moderately wealthy man#(dreamy ecstatic) moderately wealthy ?
wheeee  i am sort of rich i can rent anything i want#that is quite an offer  can i discuss it with my wife ?
sure why not ?#then i will do it
jerks like you oughtta be shot#krusty (upbeat) how 'bout a nice shot of you with the boy you injured ?
paparazzi ? get lost ya parasite#how 'bout you gabbo ?
(spitting water) ayyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyiyi#okay how 'bout an autograph for my kids ?
ext upscale supermarket  day)#okay boy this is that snooty supermarket all the celebrities shop at you are gonna help me ambush them (looks around awed) look at this place imported beer ? seedless grapes ? chewing gum ?
okay boy this is that snooty supermarket all the celebrities shop at you are gonna help me ambush them (looks around awed) look at this place imported beer ? seedless grapes ? chewing gum ?#(gasps) the clown on this cereal box is just a person
c'mon baby  barf for mama#okay boy do something annoying but leave yourself room to build
ext springfield street  day)#(bitterly) look at those celebrities i have met them all and yet they do not even acknowledge my existence
(friendly) hello homer have you lost weight ?#(bitterly) oh like you care betty white
tell me how is maggie ?#her name is marge
i was talking about your baby#oh uh she is looking very snappy (snaps picture)
dad it is drederick tatum try to get him to punch you#no problem (calling out) hey drederick
yes how can i help you my handsome friend ?#your hip hop cd was boastful and unnecessary
that is what i think of the fourth estate#(weak) what are the first three ?
nobility clergy and commoners learn your french history#okay
what the hell did you do that for ?#i wanted to remember my place in the book i was reading
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#boy i never thought i'd have my own dark room
it is eleven at night and i can not get to sleep#well then you could come over here and help daddy pour chemicals
(woozy noise)#(warmly) kids they always say they are not tired when they are the most tired of all (chuckles)
bart gets another try#(points to various photos) that photo's mine that photo's mine that photo's mine
well i do like the extra money but i think maybe you should stop exploiting human beings' private misfortunes#see marge everyone says they hate these magazines but it is impossible to set them down
okay this is the place#(doppler) did i attach the harness ?
no (threesecond beat) should i attach it for you ?#(doppler) if you do not mind
(doppler) if you do not mind#thank you
thank you#now to make a young woman's wedding day all about me
do you rainier luftwaffe wolfcastle take maria shriverkennedyquimby to be your lawful wedded#(heroic) up up and annoy
(outraged noises)#(doppler) i also wreck bar mitzvahs
yes mother barring some sort of pendulum effect#(doppler swinging noise)
(doppler swinging noise)#first amendment rules privacy drools
ext parking lot  day)#now maggie i had to use your car seat to hold the new tv guideso i am gonna hang you from the mirror
smile#he is trying to make me look like a bad father maggie take the wheel
he is trying to make me look like a bad father maggie take the wheel#(to maggie) ten and two einstein
(to maggie) ten and two einstein#(furious) can not i even have privacy here ?
int tabloid editor's office  continuous)#(holding "homer") how could you publish this ? i thought we were friends
ext simpson house  establishing  day)#and then he said he did not want a twin because they'd just fight
sweetie maybe it is time you retired from paparazzing it is never fun to get a taste of your own medicine#(nods) you are right  i am giving up photography
(nods) you are right  i am giving up photography#and my own medicine
and my own medicine#so long anticlotting agent
so long anticlotting agent#clotclotclotclotclot
int moe's tavern  continuous)#listen to 'em they are on top of the world while i am sittin' here pretending i have a stool
listen to 'em they are on top of the world while i am sittin' here pretending i have a stool#(sour) all because of a bunch of stuff that happened
and my sister once saw burt reynolds at an airport and he would not even cosign her mortgage#you guys are right  i should get back in the game (moans) but i threw away my camera
i was gonna use it to take secret photos in the ladies' turlet but no dames ever come in this joint#thanks moe
we need to trade bras and panties#(action hero) how do you want your comeuppance eight by ten or wallet size ?
what are you going to do with those photos ?#nothing
(puzzled noise)#providing you celebrities do something for me
providing you celebrities do something for me#i want you all to show some respect for the people who made you what you are sign an autograph or two support a charity for something that has not happened to a member of your family let one of us regular guys write a terrible children's book
moving on our class trip to italy is now spaghetti night at papa john's and your fifteenhundred dollar deposits will not be refunded#ooh papa john's
(bigger nervous murmur)#(to marge) what is wrong ?
(big laugh followed by happy sigh)#oh marge you gotta get on the net it is got all the best conspiracy theories did you know that hezbollah owns little dolly snack cakes ? this stuff will rock your world
everyone can see you get inside#never
just put on a towel#(sarcastic) why do not i just put on a dress ?
homer you have met my parents#not naked i have not
anyway someone's here to see you#our duties as firemen
int simpson house  lisa's room  moments later)#hey lisa selfconscious about your shins ? in my day girls were worried about their boobs
int simpson house  lisa's room  present)#wait that is soccer ? i always called it "human foosball" would you like me to take you to your game ?
you already promised you would#(moans) do i have to ?
he quit being a ref is a thankless job the parents hate ya the only upside is the kids share their snack with you#did someone say "snack" ?
did someone say "snack" ?#(heroic) i will be your ref
dad where'd you get that outfit ?#i got fired from foot locker
i got fired from foot locker#what isa matter buddy ? the american flag not good enough for ya ?
that was my father#i am your father now
i am your father now#i am open i am open
i am open i am open#so tired
so tired#(vomit noise)
(vomit noise)#(to girls) could someone bring me another barf cone ?
(to girls) could someone bring me another barf cone ?#(tentative) so i thought it went real well (admitting) until i swallowed the whistle
you do not even know the rules this could be my new thing and you are turning it into a joke#(hopeful) hilarious joke ?
ext soccer field  day)#hand ball direct kick
dad i am impressed you have become a much better referee#thanks honey after what you said to me i watched hours and hours of soccer i almost saw a goal but there were so many ads for spanish cell phones
(annoyed grunt)#foul on twentythree
i am a spectator addressing a player answer me#i said foul on twentythree
helen please do not drop the "j" bomb#well i am throwing you both out of the game
ow she tripped me (milking it) ow owww#(blows whistle) foul on the other girl lisa gets a penalty kick and every other kid has to pay her a dollar (hands lisa candy)
(calling) that is an outrage your daughter's been floppin' all day#she has not your daughter's a dirty player
ext simpson house  back yard  day)#i do not need a soccer lecture from a hillbilly
how about a lecture from me  ronaldo ?#(gasp) ronaldo ? winner of two world cups and three fifa player of the year awards ?
you heard geraldo what is it gonna be ?#yellow card
you can not give me a yellow card ? you are my father#when i put on these shorts i am not your father anymore (points to pants) and judging by how tight they are i am never gonna be anyone else's either
this is what i think of your yellow card#(gravely) unsportsmanlike conduct
(gravely) unsportsmanlike conduct#that is a red card you are out of the game
it was just a game a game i used to enjoy before you mommed all over it#lisa sweetie i was just following the rules
yeah in idaho#son i will never understand women if i live to be forty
big if#(good sport) you said it  enjoy me while i last
wanna go slam a few beers ?#wanna watch me ?
what isa matter homer and bart ?#lisa's mad at me and marge is mad at him
gee moe you give great advice#(joking) yeah what have you done with the real moe ?
int simpson house  lisa's bedroom  later)#lisa honey i bought you something (waves dvd) a dvd
not interested#(enticing) it is a documentary by the bbc in cooperation with canal plus
hawhaw#(meek) sweetie are you here to forgive me ?
no#(moans) but to get that dvd i had to become a pbs subscriber now i am paying for crap like american masters (sobs)
dad i can not forgive you because there is nothing to forgive#(puzzled noise)
you were right to kick me out of that game soccer was making me insane just as it did the continents of europe and south america#those places are pretty terrible
do you want to play a little ?#(warmly) i sure do
ext simpson house  back yard  later)#look what i can do
homer what took you so long ? the game's almost over#oh that is long gone baby long gone
oh that is long gone baby long gone#i got hung up at the snack stand  watching those hot dogs (dreamy) rolling and turning not a care in the world
i got hung up at the snack stand  watching those hot dogs (dreamy) rolling and turning not a care in the world#(pointed) no more lazy saturdays for you
i hogged it i hogged it#(extremely excited noises then) my son caught the ball this makes up for everything that is gone wrong in my life or ever will
not at all#(sighs) i hate shopping i am bored my feet hurt i am too big for the choochoo train hmm where is the "husband chair ?"
unless you are serving me a cold beer you keep moving#(moans) there must be another chair
uhuh my wife's lookin' for a bathing suit that does not make her look "horsey" so i am gonna be here a while#i guess i could just sit on a bed
wow this is soft#sure feels weird lying on top of the covers
sure feels weird lying on top of the covers#sure feels weird lying in bed with my pants on
sure feels weird lying in bed with my pants on#(snoring noises)
what in the name of hey you#(startled wakeup noise) how many ?
are you sleeping in the middle of my department store ?#well who would not with an incredible mattress like this ? it works with my body's natural curves and supports my backboobs
that is the best endorsement i have heard since mickey mantle for maypo i will take five mattresses#i do not work here
you do now son (jowly) you are hired#woo hoo
all this fuss for a baseball game ? why do not thousands come to watch a teacher inspire a child ?#(entering sarcastic) but it did happen just yesterday in crazytown
i put on fresh makeup for this ?#(to crowd) knock it off he is just a kid
(points to homer) aw hey that is the guy what created him if homer had used some protection we'd all be poopin' roses on easy street#(re bart) hey get off my case he is the choke artist
hide the sports section#(annoyed grunt)
(pretending) was there even a baseball game yesterday ? i do not remember#(loud whisper) marge we were just talking about it a few seconds ago
do not you have to get to your job as a mattress salesman ?#oh yeah let's see where that goes
ext costington's  establishing)#let me tell you about a land where it rains beer and hails pretzels and you can play swimup blackjack with abraham lincoln it is the land of sleep and your passport a simple mattress (chuckles like he said something very witty)
yes i need to be able to sleep through my wife's nagging and my eight horrible babies and the anguished howls of my ancestors#a common problem try this
(clears throat) homer we have a friend  actually a friend of a friend#(a little loud) sex problem eh ?
homer please they can hear you in fine china#relax i am a licensed mattress professional if there were such a thing and i have got the answer to your problems  the snugulux by matrimonium
oooh sold#and remember your most intimate secrets are safe with me (calling out) okay who else is dead in bed ?
ext simpson house  day)#(surprised) the lovejoys ? if this is about me drinking that holy water let me tell you i had had like a million doritos  you know the ones with the flame on the bag ? ohho that bag ain't lyin'
we are here about the mattress#what is wrong with it ?
we tried raising cain but we weren't able#oh i think i know what you are doing wrong have you tried (loud whispers in lovejoy's ear)
(annoyed interrupting) i know the mechanics of lovemaking homer you owe us a refund#(resigned) i will write you a check
int simpson bedroom  moments later)#(mumbling as he writes) pay to the order of stupid reverend memo bite my ass  (noticing) wha ?
if you let us have your mattress we will give you ours#(firmly) on one condition you do the shlepping
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#move over just a
well maybe if you go#(upset) wrong wrong wrong
i am sorry homie  i want to snuggle but i am just not feeling it#yeah something has changed but i can not figure out what (gasp) our mattress i traded it to the lovejoys
you traded our mattress ? i had my secret cash in it#it was made for elvis but he found it tacky
it was made for elvis but he found it tacky#(thinks) i can not believe a mattress could make that much difference
(singing big gospelstyle) every day every day every day yay yay yay#(morose) lousy reverend he is having my sex (mumbles) while i am at home with marge not doing anything sexual or erotic
i am starting to feel funny about doing this#look we are just gonna take our mattress do a quick sweep of the medicine chest then we are outta here
(turning) homer stop that#(highhat noises then) sorry
there it is  ol' bounce 'n' giggle#(chuckles)
how dare you break into our house defile our bed and smash our family photos with your foot#(indignant) well excuse me for being a powerful yet careless lover
well i am reminded of the story of wise king solomon#(dismissive) you would be
i wish he hadn't cut it that way  it looks like a grilledcheese sandwich#or a chicken club (getting turned on) or a reuben or a monte cristo or a (very turned on) pull over behind that billboard
you really wanna make love on half a mattress behind a billboard ?#(warmly) it is like our honeymoon all over again (points) aw we even have the same bum looking at us
(doppler crazy ranting)#woo hoo (realizing then annoyed grunt)
(looks at watch) where is your father with those pacifiers ?#i could not find maggie's brand but i got every other kind i could find how about "synthonip ?"
i could not find maggie's brand but i got every other kind i could find how about "synthonip ?"#"kiddy cork ?" "thumbstitute ?" "accuteat ?" "bink 182 ?"
"kiddy cork ?" "thumbstitute ?" "accuteat ?" "bink 182 ?"#wanna suck on the receipt ?
larry flynt ? larry flynt ? larry flynt ? larry flynt ? larry flynt ? larry flynt ?#(warmly) good work boy just for that we are gonna treat your heart murmur not just "see how it goes"
(warmly) good work boy just for that we are gonna treat your heart murmur not just "see how it goes"#(moans) stupid baby growing her brain on my dime
are you counting sheep all night long ?#(nods head) mmhm
nappien activates your brain's napping centers and attacks your body's awakeagens and unlike sleepia it will not cause foot fattening or elbow stink#(interested noise)
(interested noise)#okay nappien do your stuff
okay nappien do your stuff#it is not working (furious) you lousy worthless piece of (falls asleep snores)
it is not working (furious) you lousy worthless piece of (falls asleep snores)#what a wonderful night's sleep thank you methasorbizone tartrate also known as nappien
homer i think you dominoed this#that is ridiculous if i had set up those dominoes i'd be wearing my special dominosetting up kneepads
it was you#how is that possible ?
see ? "may cause dry mouth mood swings and nighttime kookiness"#(furious) mood swings ? (loving) mood swings (sobs) mood swings
(furious) mood swings ? (loving) mood swings (sobs) mood swings#(walking off different moods) mood swings ? (jealous) mood swings (suspicious) mood swings (pouty) mood swings (operatic singing) mood swings (urbane delighted) mood swings mood swings (aroused) mood swings
(walking off different moods) mood swings ? (jealous) mood swings (suspicious) mood swings (pouty) mood swings (operatic singing) mood swings (urbane delighted) mood swings mood swings (aroused) mood swings#nappien you did it again and everything is as it should be (sees something screams)
nappien you did it again and everything is as it should be (sees something screams)#john lennon ?
john lennon ?#yoko ?
so you are the one behind all these hijinx at the rock 'n' roll wax museum#(moan of realization)
mr simpson why did you hurt the dollies ?#(gently) well son your uncle homer is like eighty percent of america whackedout on prescription drugs
but users are losers#you are confusing drugs with (spooky voice waves fingers) druuuuugs
(screams)#okay here's the solution  i want you kids to lock the bedroom from the outside so i can not get out and perpetrate my nocturnal mischief
why do not you just quit taking the pills you hophead ?#because i am filled with stress
because i am filled with stress#(anguished) i have three kids and no money why can not i have no kids and three money ?
(whisper) hey zombie  wanna come out and play ?#zombie kill
no play#(sullen) zombie file grievance
ext street  night)#(nods) mmhm
whoa your dad's a zombie ? let's make him give us haircuts#(two zombie noises)
how does it look ?#(approving zombie noises)
and that is only one of the cool things we are gonna do with him#zombie montage
c'mon just one more#what the ? (noticing things increasingly shocked) my car ? milhouse ? nutmeat ? (short scream)
what the ? (noticing things increasingly shocked) my car ? milhouse ? nutmeat ? (short scream)#(scream)
(pained screams)#(anguished) oh my god what have i done ?
you have horribly injured the whole fire department#(sarcastic) what are you a travel agent ? 'cause you are sending me on a guilt trip
int simpson house  living room  day)#i feel kinda responsible maybe i should volunteer to be a fireman
ext simpson house  evening  establishing)#oh i can not wait for my first fire (excited gasp pointing) is that one ?
that is just someone barbecuing#(disappointed moan then excited) is that one ?
that is a guy with red hair#(disappointed moan)
sweetheart come to dinner#i can not that fire siren could sound at any moment
ext beach  day)#any moment
int simpson house  bathroom  day)#any moment
any moment#did i say any moment ?
did i say any moment ?#any moment
any moment#(startled) what the hell is that ?
(groggy yelling over siren) that is the fire siren#woo hoo
woo hoo#marge when you see me next i will be a soggy smoky hero mmm soggy smoky hero (drools)
just come back alive okay ?#do not tell me how to do my job
hey this is sweet huh ? almost makes up for not gettin' paid#(mouth full) we do not get what ?
of all the nerve#burns stiffed us
oooh leather arms (impressed) people just give you this stuff ?#hey it is the least they can do after we saved them from being meltyfaced weirdoes
no no no the complete "munsters" on dvd#i hope it is spaghetti
(bitter) i can not believe he acted completely in character#lousy burns so ungrateful i hate him so much
(instantly composed) gentlemen i'd like to thank you you have saved my store#well most of it
highend stereo equipment size ten men's shoes#and some stuff i wanted
oh my i did not think the damage was that bad but you must be telling the truth  you are firemen after all#yeah we are awesome (re "c") this'll make a great toilet seat
uh gentlemen i am uh i am starting to wonder if we have crossed a line here#(suspicious) just what are you getting at ?
ext fire station  day  establishing)#oh thank god there is a fire marge's birthday's comin' up
just let the chemicals deal with it#look at me i am a fireman
ext "the sharper markup"  day)#hey guys check out the radicalfree air generated by my stolen ionic breeze
hey guys check out the radicalfree air generated by my stolen ionic breeze#oh bogus gizmo grant me eternal life
(nervous) well uh#look at me guys
look at me guys#i am stealing five segways at once and speaking of segues i am off to my next morally questionable activity
you are nothing but a diabolical master thief the kind that haunts the slopes of san moritz or the casinos of monte carlo#we are not thieves we are scavengers like the beautiful vulture or the heroic tapeworm or america's sweetheart the maggot
you should've seen the faces of your children when they caught you stealing (calls os) kids get in here and show your father the faces#(big guilty noise pleads) make them stop
int building  continuous)#moe can we talk ?
(calmly) oh no wait it is only four ninetyfive (friendly) what is on your mind ?#moe i think we may have perverted
int upper apartment)#moe i can save you but you have to let go of the clock
int simpson house  living room  night)#so daddy saved apu and moe and believe me we learned our lesson
what'd you do with all the loot ?#we sent it to skid row where it would do the most good
ext outdoor fairgrounds  front path  day)#oh man i love oktoberfest oktoberfest (blows alpenhorn)
sorry sir this is a harvest festival  no alcohol i am gonna have to confiscate those steins#(sad toot)
styrofoam ?#(shocked gasp) you stuffed your horn ?
(noticing something) ooh look pinecone first ladies#(furious) where the hell is abigail adams ? oh there she is (furious) where the hell is mary todd lincoln ? oh she is right there (furious) where the hell is ida saxton mckinley ? oh i see (furious) where the hell is
dad look a corn maze#(reading sign) "betcha can not solve our maze ?" (huffy) i did not come here to be insulted we are leaving
(reading sign) "betcha can not solve our maze ?" (huffy) i did not come here to be insulted we are leaving#(confused noise) sure is a lot of corn in this parking lot
dad we are in the maze#(faint annoyed grunt)
maybe we should split up#(hurt) split up ? marge no we can fix this marriage
no no i did not mean#(angry) fine you want out ? then go i can make it on my own before i met you i had friends and dreams
i was talking about#(emotional) oh please take me back the dating scene is a nightmare (pounds ground) i am begging you
(firmly) i just meant we should split up to get out of this corn maze#(recovering still shaky) deep down i i guess i knew that
now there must be a way out#of our marriage ? i do not want to live (despairing moan)
of our marriage ? i do not want to live (despairing moan)#hey this maze is made of corn
hey this maze is made of corn#i am so sick of being lost to hell with maze etiquette i am walking straight outta here
i am so sick of being lost to hell with maze etiquette i am walking straight outta here#(pained shriek then whimpers)
(pained shriek then whimpers)#dammit
(sighs)#(moans) how come things that happen to stupid people keep happening to me ?
that was never my plan#(distant) i am lost and i am starving
(calling out) eat some corn#i do not have any holders
(to camera) this maze is too hard for me#(writing slightly woozy) "to my wife marge  in case i do not make it here are my oscar picks for next year best sound effects editing the team from" (sees dog surprised noise)
(excited) santa's little helper would be an awesome police dog can he dad ? can he ?#no and never bring it up again
(after a short beat) please can he ?#all right
(stunned) i can not believe it my own dog bit me#(panicky) now that he is had a taste of human flesh the dog will be a slave to its succulence (locks eyes with the dog) look at him eyeing me  he knows i taste best
(dawning) my god i have lost him#(excited barks)
homer#(chuckles then) oh relax marge i am just messin' with ya i know i am not a dog i am a people like you
(chuckles then) oh relax marge i am just messin' with ya i know i am not a dog i am a people like you#(snarls like dog)
it is just flanders you know him#(snarls some more and barks)
i do not want a new dog i want my old dog the one who bit me#cheer up boy we will get you their most vicious street cur he will bite your ass raw
(wiseguy voice) oh no problem pally  our pythons cost five dollars a foot#whoa whoa whoa we are not made of money
that is because i soaked him in slime (laughs)#why you little i will teach you to trick your sister
why you little i will teach you to trick your sister#(extreme strangling/getting strangled noises)
homer can you breathe ?#(a little difficulty) well i can breathe out okay
(a little difficulty) well i can breathe out okay#(choking out each word) do not give snake attention it is what he really wants
(choking out each word) do not give snake attention it is what he really wants#i am okay
whoa this is the source of the stench#hey get your own yogurt
simpson you can take your putrid mess far out of my sight you songless landwhale#woohoo business trip
no jack it is a joke name you are being set up#(casual) apu i am returning a yogurt i wasn't a hundred per cent satisfied with
(disappointed noise)#hey milhouse who're you spying on ? those bullies ?
what about the fat guy ?#(insulted) hey lay off  you are the fat one of you guys
(defensive) i am bulking up for football#(defiant) i am still alive you call that playing to win ?
dammit#this is our life now milhouse (upbeat) we are dumpster folk
ext dumpster  rolling  day)#say is your butt numb from all this vibrating ? mine is still i would not describe it as unpleasant well let's get some shuteye
say is your butt numb from all this vibrating ? mine is still i would not describe it as unpleasant well let's get some shuteye#(pleased) ooh it is that bar i like (to milhouse) wait here in the car
(in pain) oh sweet mother of mary#(weirdedout noise then) okay milhouse what do you want to do ?
well the school's having a bake sale#ol' betsy'll get us there
so true#cops act natural
cops act natural#(girlish giggle) hello officer
int school gymnasium  day)#(scornful) rice krispie treats ? way to phone it in sarah wiggum
raisin cake who wants raisin cake ? do not worry it is not too moist (beat no one comes up sad sigh)#can i have some more money ?
i gave you ten dollars#(spoiled teen) all the other moms gave their husbands twenty
well all the other husbands do not come home dirty from fighting#i had to fight (upset) lenny said his dad is hulk hogan and i know he is not
(grudging) here's five more dollars#(runs off happy)
int ventilation room  continuous)#(more screams) you butcher
(dramatically) yes there is#ooh a thermos (re counter) with seven cups of coffee still in it (after it changes to six) oh wait six
dad that is a bomb#(horrified) here it is yours
oh my special little guy i am so glad you are okay#oh i am just glad you taste like hot dogs
it is okay that was shelbyville#c'mon everybody time for the family portrait let's bunch together now here we go
c'mon everybody time for the family portrait let's bunch together now here we go#(firm) move it
int dentist's office  waiting room  continuous)#perfecto everybody smile i am going to set the automatic timer
perfecto everybody smile i am going to set the automatic timer#(resetting camera) almost ready here we go
yeah dad#okay here we go
(sotto fake smile) make room for jumbo#what'd you say ?
nothing#(fake smile) all right everybody squeeze in real tight
(fake smile) all right everybody squeeze in real tight#i wanna get us all in the picture this time (beat) closer
i wanna get us all in the picture this time (beat) closer#(firm) closer
(firm) closer#okay hold still this is the last picture on the role
praise the lord#you watch your mouth you little smartass
yeah bart#nothing's gonna ruin this one the timer's a tickin
bart's makin' faces dad#bart
bart#this one's gonna be the simpsons at our finest
this one's gonna be the simpsons at our finest#smile look cheerful here we go
smile look cheerful here we go#here we go here we go
here we go here we go#why you little
oh bart you fall for that every six months#hey suckers check it out marge is taking me to ride dirt bikes at the cemetery
you are going to the dentist too dad#(sagely) "why the cemetery ?" i wondered but my dreams were too strong
(skeptical) mr simpson have you been flossing regularly ?#(lying) absolutely all the time i go to the floss store and they are like "whoa there he is again" (weak chuckle) 'cause i buy so much floss
(all business) well let's just get started#(pained noise then sobs) oh god my gums they hurt so much
i have not started yet#(whimpery) i know but a breeze from that window went in my mouth
(whimpery) i know but a breeze from that window went in my mouth#(screams and sobs)
do not worry sweetie  i am sure that man has some special tooth problem#i do not even have a special tooth problem this is just a routine checkup (more screams and sobs) the bib is choking me
i do not even have a special tooth problem this is just a routine checkup (more screams and sobs) the bib is choking me#(after boy jumps calmly) it is over ? that wasn't so bad
this film is against tooth decay but it also kind of glamorizes it mixed signals hmm#(stoked) this is the greatest movie ever
dad that is ludicrous#(hurt) i have a right to my views
(satisfied noise) do not you love that cleanmouth feeling ?#sure do let's go get ice cream
i can not wait to get the freshness out of my mouth#i am gonna glue my mouth shut with butterscotch
int pq butterfat's ice cream parlor  day)#what the hell is a "fundae" ?
it is a sundae that is fun#i like that but i am on a bit of a health kick so i will take the lowfat vanilla with the following mixins snickles gooey bears charlottesville chew nice 'n' many kat kit herschel's smooches mrs bad bar and milk dudes
cup or cone ?#uh cone
(jolly burl ives voice) congratulations you just purchased the one millionth icecream cone sold by this store#oh my god this is amazing (examines cone) wait i am gonna be driving i will go for the cup
dad#fine cone
fine cone#(stunned) what is this ?
int "smartline" set  later that night)#america west please
tonight on smartline a provocative discussion of the middle east will not be featured (a little bitter) instead we will be talking to a man who bought an icecream cone#that is me
all right let's just get through this (then) uh mr simpson tell us how it felt when you bought the fateful treat#i have never been to war but i imagine it feels just like your first kill the happiness swept me away
(dawning) no one saw my show so no one heard my filthy faux pas my career is safe#well the important thing is we got through this crisis together that makes us friends right ?
uh hey look it is the airport bus you should get on it#(disappointed) okay
and now to peruse the local news#the happiness swept me away
(high voice) even the map thinks you stink kent (laughs)#(disappointed) oh
int simpson house  living room)#(calling) marge the couch is lumpy
(annoyed) that is because you are sitting on me you lummox#(shocked) kent brockman
(entering) i invited him to stay with us for a few days his career is ruined (sotto) and i was afraid he might commit youknowwhaticide#i am sorry marge but i will not live under the same roof as a member of the (sneering) "liberal media"
(to kent) you will have to excuse him  he is been watching a lot of fox news#(indignant) did you know that every day mexican gays sneak into this country and unplug our braindead ladies ?
we have to take in mr brockman  he would not be in this mess if you hadn't dumped coffee on his lap#oh sure put down a simple guy like me who works hard and plays by the rules
and you are constantly flouting the law#i am willing to change my mind and that makes me great (to kent) you can stay but you have to give us an eightbyten for our wall of casual acquaintances who came to stay for a while
i am willing to change my mind and that makes me great (to kent) you can stay but you have to give us an eightbyten for our wall of casual acquaintances who came to stay for a while#(surveying photos) apu sang a song (to kent pointedly) what are you gonna do ?
(giggle)#what a great show real people with real problems
it seems liberals want to give nasa the right to "abort" space missions whenever they feel like it#(seething) liberals  i hate them so much
how can fox news be so conservative when the fox network keeps airing raunchy shows ? they do not fit together#woo hoo
liberals hate families#(seething) liberals
(seething) liberals#woo hoo (seething) liberals woo hoo (seething) liberals woo hoo (seething) liberals woo hoo (seething) liberals
woo hoo (seething) liberals woo hoo (seething) liberals woo hoo (seething) liberals woo hoo (seething) liberals#woo
(excited) and swear like a lumberjack who hacked off a leg let's do it#(coming to life) hoo
(coming to life) hoo#(looking around) woo hoo ? liberals ? woo hoo ?
i guess there is just no place for truth and bravery in today's media#true  but there is room for the truth in this household (looks both ways then leans in) do you wanna hear something really bad kent told me about the fox network ?
of course gosh dad your hands are shaking#i know 'cause this one's really really bad (looks around) for years now fox has been
entertaining america with hits like "house" "american idol" and "american idol results show"#i am afraid they might but i will not be silenced (turns to camera) the truth is
i am afraid they might but i will not be silenced (turns to camera) the truth is#(confidentially) okay what i was going to say was
i guess this is the end (wistful) i just wish i'd spent more time at the office#(disappointed) hey you are not a penny
you are getting a free dinner#(excited noise)
with#(even more excited noise)
me#"me ?" but that is you
got it#uhhuh see you at five then
ext simpson house  saturday afternoon  establishing)#dinner with mr burns what a waste of my precious precious saturday night
hey dad have fun with your boyfriend#(defensive) he is not my boyfriend
so simpson i hear you like pizza pie#(brightening) i do
(brightening) i do#my favorite is chicago deep dish
chicago eh ? well what if i took us there now ?#drive to chicago ? i do not have time for that i have to be back at work on monday and my boss is a total jerk
ext car  small airport  continuous)#a pppppprivate jet
(anticipatory ooohs) / killer premise#(sarcastic) yeah but i am on a plane idiot
and just so you know she will do anything for you (winks then) anything except sex and i do mean anything (winks)#(moans) i am aroused and confused
(amused chuckles)#(sincere) this is wonderful
now why do not you listen to the musical stylings of mr lionel richie#oh my god (more excited) lionel richie ? can you sing "say you say me" but make it about beer ?
sure i guess (sings) hey you beer me / beer me for always that is the way it should be / hey you beer me / beer us together naturally#(delighted laugh) now make every word "beer"
(delighted laugh) now make every word "beer"#(sings) beer beer beer beer / beer beer beer beer beer
(sings) beer beer beer beer / beer beer beer beer beer#um wait i forgot the words
ext plane  a little later)#no if i leave the plane i will be just like everyone else (cries)
ext airport  a moment later)#(sad moan) i wanna be back on the plane
we will be back before you know it (surprised noise)#svetlana svetlana
svetlana svetlana#(being shaken noise then landing in limo noise)
now i need a location#i came to relax  you think of it
finally an emotion#(cutting him off) drunk
(laughs and applause)#(to crowd) why are you applauding them ? we wrote it
while you were here we felt like new york#i am so happy
(sniffs) homer you smell like chicago did you fly there on a commercial airline ?#no way  commercial is for losers and terrorists i flew on a private plane
wow is it much different from a normal plane ?#please tell me you are joking  it is the difference between champagne and carbonated pee
homie what is wrong ?#i had it all for one night now for the rest of my life i will know what i am missing and all i have to remember it by is that my ears have not popped well i will make sure that i never yawn again
hey homer#(annoyed grunt)
hi dad#"high ?" high like a private plane ? (moans) the kind i will never be invited to ride on again
that is where you are wrong homer#(short scream) a fresh face
this is colby krause i hired him to help you improve your life he will get you back on a private plane in no time#no way i do not need any shrink therapist counselor motivational speaker or "guru"
i am a life coach#(excited) oh tell me more
(exasperated noise) the first step in selfimprovement is to take a thorough look at your life#if you are gonna film me i insist on a body double
is uncle fester still alive ?#the camera's not on yet right ?
okay now i just want you to do what you normally do#okay (beat) uh well uh hm i just uh i forget what i do
okay (beat) uh well uh hm i just uh i forget what i do#wait wait uh this is some of what i do i think (beat) sometimes i go places
wait wait uh this is some of what i do i think (beat) sometimes i go places#this is our relish tray i'd like you to film it for insurance purposes
this is our relish tray i'd like you to film it for insurance purposes#what is the point of putting my socks on ? i just have to take them off again a week later
homer before you even head out the door in the morning you are already a loser#(surly) fine i will show you a winner just you watch
(surly) fine i will show you a winner just you watch#think positive think positive
think positive think positive#you were saying
never do not concentrate#will you shut up ? i can not hear the song in my head
int nuclear power plant  day)#(pained noise followed by confused noise)
(pained noise followed by confused noise)#(pained noise followed by confused noise)
int barney's  continuous)#(downcast) i have really enjoyed paying you to yell at me and say i suck but it is no use  i am a hopeless loser and always will be
homer you are up#(confident) this i can do
(confident) this i can do#(boastful) behold my twoseventeen average and weep
(boastful) behold my twoseventeen average and weep#(sad) as i said i have lost all hope
relaxed confident#(bored) is this going somewhere ?
(ignoring him to homer) i want you to wear those bowling shoes out the door and everywhere you go it is crazy but it just might work#(excited) dr fredrick j waxman you are a genius
that is not my name#(annoyed) i wasn't talking to you
homer your shoe attitude is bowling people over these are letters from companies interested in interviewing you#how many of those have private planes ?
this one#(pulls out letter reads) handyman's choice copper tubing ?
they need a safety inspector to fly between their north american plants#(determined) i am gettin' that job bart i will need some clean urine stat
you here for the safety inspector job ?#well i can see the position of handsomest ceo is already taken
int simpson house  living room  day)#(bursts in) i got the job
we are all so proud of you sweetie#i am gonna get there early so i can get in good with the lunch truck guy
an opera star#uh yeah  i have no job and nowhere to go what do i have to buy so i can sit here all day ?
well with a coffee you can stay till lunch then you have to order a solid#one small coffee please and a dozen of those placemats with the maze on it
they are all the same maze#(shrugs) somebody's gotta do 'em
ext simpson house  evening)#(to self) look happy
so how was your first day at your new job ?#(chipper) oh it was great flew to tulsa on the company jet did my job in a way consistent with what i already told you because that is what you do when you have a job
i am so proud of you dad#stop peppering me with questions
(puzzled) dad ?#(shrieks)
i know it is you homer#(sudden yell of great pain)
why are not you at your new job ?#well explanationwise the fact is that (sadly) i lied i did not get the job you see when i got there
int handyman's choice corporation  office  day)#so she said that is not my "in box" and he said that is not the johnson report
do you know anything about copper tubing ?#um umc'mon say "you are hired"
no#(whiny) say it
(mouth being stretched) leave your resume with cheryl#say it
(mouth being stretched) security security#stop saying "security"
int krustyburger  day)#(sad) i could not bear to tell your mother so i hang out here all day
but dad you have gotta tell her she is been buying brandname groceries#brands like "miser's choice" and "dayold delights ?"
hello ?#(sad) honey there is something i have to tell you
(gasps) it is bad news is not it ? i should never get my hopes up nothing ever works out for us#no it is uh good news
really ?#we are manufacturing a new pipe diameter fiveeighths inch the company wants you and me to take the private plane to new york for the premiere so meet me at shelbyville airport in an hour
we are manufacturing a new pipe diameter fiveeighths inch the company wants you and me to take the private plane to new york for the premiere so meet me at shelbyville airport in an hour#if i am gonna tell that woman the truth i am gonna do it in the one place no one can ever be sad
ext shelbyville airport  tarmac  a little later)#okay so this should be enough money to get me up in the air have a frank talk with marge then maybe eat a devilled egg
well anything for a fellow marine#yeah uh semper fudge
uh did you just say "semper fudge" ?#no i said the right thing
look at this business center  fax wifi teleconferencing capabilities i am gonna remember this day for the rest of my life#(uneasy) honey do not try to remember the whole day just what you are feeling this second
sweetheart what do you mean ?#marge i have gotta be honest
what was that ?#(puzzled) i do not know maybe we flew through a rainbow
homie what are you doing ? you do not know how to fly#i drove a car over a cliff once how different could it be ?
i drove a car over a cliff once how different could it be ?#hm what is the ocean doing in the sky ?
all right homer what is it you are attempting to do ? win over a difficult client ?#i am trying to land a plane with no experience
(short beat then) homer i have gotta tell you i am not very good i went to the harvard of the south#duke ? that is good
not duke#vanderbilt ?
a little further south do not make me say it#(gasp)
no understanding of the limits of your power and a complete lack of concern for what anyone thinks of you so you will land that plane and do you know why ? because i heard some guy say you could not#(furious) what ? i will show him i will show that guy
homer you did it you landed a jet#(smug) and now to taxi to the terminal
(smug) and now to taxi to the terminal#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(sweet) oh yes of course (loud doppler scream)
(sweet) oh yes of course (loud doppler scream)#marge flying in private jets is great and all but it is just too dangerous that is why i have decided to go to the plant and beg mr burns for my old job back
and at least we can take the extra income you have earned in the last few months and set it aside for a rainy day#you would think so but no
this concludes our service go now in the peace of the lord#so long suckers
so long suckers#move it move it move it do you want to be second out of the parking lot ? (to bart) do you ?
move it move it move it do you want to be second out of the parking lot ? (to bart) do you ?#leave her
we left her last week and she did not make it home for dinner#you will never catch me lord (crazed laugh)
int simpson car  day)#oh man that church service was so boring i did a whole book of findawords
(examining book) dad all you circled were the "i's" and "a's"#those are words
bodacious frittatas ? buffet the hunger slayer ?#(pouty) i wanna say one
be my guest#(reading) denny's (disappointed moan)
every place has such a long line#do not worry we will just go home your mother can cook
there is a place  with no line#woo hoo
bart that is not a restaurant it is somebody's house#lisa's right son your mom is way too classy a lady to crash a private
and you can cut your own meat#(moans)
int house  moments later)#everyone just act cool if anyone asks tell them we are plumbers and then start plumbing until they go away
hi you#dude you do not think you know me but you do
oh homer you have gotta try this roast beef au jus#(digging in) mmmm au jus not quite gravy not quite blood
(gasp) it must be a makeyourown sundae bar#oh i can not wait to taste that hot fudge and caramel and crushed nuts all slathered over a delicious (shocked) elderly corpse ?
um listen i am outta town next week so#come on we are leaving (noticing) mmm after one more miniquiche
excuse me my brother twisted his ankle setting up the chairs#(choking up sincere) will the tragedies that stalk this family never cease ?
would you like to be a pallbearer ?#(respectful) of course
ext cemetery  later)#(grunting exhausted) i thought she said polar bear
please sir a little respect for the dead#(moans) my back it hurts and not in a good way
well time to move on with our lives (chuckles)#(sputtering and spitting dirt) stop that (sputters) i am down here
homer you have a mild back sprain and you also ingested a dangerous quantity of grave dirt#(defensive) well you are always telling me i should eat more dirt
not dirt  vegetables#(smug) which grow in what ?
this should take only a minute and cost about a thousand dollars#(deep operatic annoyed grunt)
hmm#(two operatic annoyed grunts one high one low)
you know homer your singing could help alleviate patient suffering and save us a fortune in demerol#(warmly) my pleasure (sings quietly) if ever i would leave you / it would not be in summer / (building in volume) seeing you in summer i never would go
int hospital  hallway  day)#(powerful) your hair streaked with sunlight /
(powerful) your hair streaked with sunlight /#your lips red as flame / your face with a luster / that puts gold to shame
int homer's room)#(voice changing from operatic to normal) but if i'd ever leave you / it could not be in autumn / how i'd leave in autumn i never will know
well young people are my future#(sings) and could i leave you / running merrily through the snow ?
int burns' chest  continuous)#(sings) knowing how in spring i am bewitched by you so ?
int hospital hallway  continuous)#(sings big operatic finish) oh no not in springtime / summer winter or fall no never could i leave you at all
the springfield opera house of which i am founder artistic director and standing ovation starter is producing la bohme i want you to sing the lead#but i can only sing lying on my back
places everyone#oh oh i just have one question what is this movie about ?
for the last time it is not a movie#(rolling eyes) excuse me "film"
(sings) rodolfo perch siete che vi trovate gi ?#(sings) ho danneggiato il mio piede
(sings) ho danneggiato il mio piede#(sings) nei cieli bigi guardo fumar dai mille comignoli parigi
yeah (pulling tickets from pocket) but these seats are terrible#(dramatic very big) mimi
(dramatic very big) mimi#(big ending) mimi
my boy you are a star#(thrilled) woohoo
and you contributed to our culture#well i did not mean to
no no it is a good thing#oh good this makes up for me showing up drunk to the fatherdaughter dance
the dance is not till next week#sorry lisa (philosophical shrug) can not change the future
sorry lisa (philosophical shrug) can not change the future#(sings) and the home of the braaave
nice set homer that was a hot one#wow praise from placido domingo
(friendly) call me pdingo#(unconvinced) eh i will think about it
everyone sings instead of talking but you made me believe i was in a magical world where singing is talking#thanks you know of the three tenors you are my second favorite (thinking) no wait i forgot about that other guy sorry you are third
wait homer before you go there is this new note i am working on tell me what you think (sings operatic note)#hmmm what if you gave it a little more of this flavor
hmmm what if you gave it a little more of this flavor#(hits similar note)
like this ? (sings similar note)#keep reachin' for the stars kid
ext gilded truffle  evening  establishing)#happy anniversary sweetie
you know it might be a little more romantic without your entourage#(to marge) but i need my childhood friends to help me keep it real would you have me keep it fake ?
would you mind signing autographs for my mother and me ?#(delighted chuckle) my pleasure
(delighted chuckle) my pleasure#(flirty) to the hottest girls in the room (chuckles)
(loud) what is he saying ?#i said you look hot hot (very loud) ay chihuahua
ay chiwhat ?#(very loud) huahua
(to homer) i want you to stop flirting with women#no problem
sir may i say i thoroughly enjoyed your performance#(flirty) and may i say i am enjoying the calm waters of your deep blue eyes ?
(flirty) and may i say i am enjoying the calm waters of your deep blue eyes ?#what ? that is how guys talk
want us to take marge shopping ?#you guys go on we are gonna walk home
ext street  continuous)#(sweetly) marge when i am onstage i can only sing those love songs by picturing your beautiful face so in a way my groupies are really our groupies
we are trapped your fans will rip us to pieces#not me they love me
ext springfield streets  night)#(screams) die you stupid cobra die
that is right i am a woman#a lady motorcycle driver ? what is this the twilight zone ?
that is a great idea to celebrate i will go whip us up some chex mix pie#so did you see the show tonight ? remember the part where i forgot the words and i just sang "uhoh spaghettios" i am hoping they send me a case
(quick but calm) now listen homer you can have me any time you want me#(calling nervous) marge
(calling) what is it sweetie ?#(nervous calling) um everyone's wearing clothes in here
she is perfect for the first time since you became an opera star i can finally relax#uh i am not sure she is workin' out
uh i am not sure she is workin' out#(fed up) that is it let me make something very clear my heart belongs to marge and you can never ever have it this opera's over when the fat man sings
all right homer i understand perfectly you shall never be mine#that is good you have calmly accepted that you will never have the only man you could ever love now i think it would be best if you left
that is good you have calmly accepted that you will never have the only man you could ever love now i think it would be best if you left#(imploring) julia wait
yes ?#before you go could you hire your own replacement ? (loud whisper) but make sure she is not crazy like you
dad i think someone's trying to kill you#who could it be ? a disgruntled former employee ? (strokes chin) whoever it is the cobra is their symbol
int opera house  homer's dressing room  continuous)#(singing arpeggios) d'oh d'oh d'oh d'oh d'oh d'oh d'oh / woo woo woo woo woo woo hoo / stu stu stu stupid flanders
why the crescendo my dear old friendo ?#(singing) get lost you waste of a moustache
and to take out the biggest threat of all we are precrashing the chandelier#(singing opera)
let's go hagliacci  or should i say madame butterface (off eddie and lou's looks) what ? what ? i had two#well that is it i am retiring from the opera it is just too popular
well that is it i am retiring from the opera it is just too popular#(sweetly) and i know something much more fun i can do on my back
int simpson living room  wide angle)#singing opera made me good at painting
(a little irked) come on sweetie everyone's going to sleep#(sings) you know you make me wanna
int simpson living room  continuous)#(sings) throw my hands up and
(yelling) shout#(sings) kick my heels up and
(yelling) shout#(sings) heyeyeyeyey
(sings) heyeyeyeyey#(sings louder) a little bit louder now
(sings) a little bit louder now#(sings) heyeyeyeyey
(annoyed noise) maggie's so clingy homer hold her while i pour the milk#no problem
no problem#my you have grown
(surprised noise)#spilled milk ? (small anguished sobs)
spilled milk ? (small anguished sobs)#all over the floor
ext kwikemart  night  establishing)#hey apu what happened to all your milk ?
i sold it all to teenagers there is a rumor you can mix milk mentos and lotto scrapings to make jetpack fuel#does it work ?
ext moe's  establishing  night)#(runs in) hey moe got any milk ?
it is either milk or paint#(disappointed) it is paint or is it ?
(disappointed) it is paint or is it ?#yeah it is paint
what'd i miss ?#i have gotta find milk somewhere
(jersey accent) you want milk ? i got yer milk right here#(relieved noise) at first i thought you were pointing to your crotch
listen up ya humps which one of yaz parked at the bank ? 'cause they are towin' yer sorry ass#(short shriek) that is my car
ext bank parking lot  continuous)#(sincere) aw please give me a break i have been driving all night looking for milk for my kids
i will tell you what i will give you a ride to the impound lot#(getting in) okay let me just grab my registration
int tow truck cab  moving  continuous)#i can not believe your boss lets you listen to rock music while you work
(chuckles) i do not think my boss has a problem with anything i do#wow i'd really like to meet this guy
well he is in this truck right now#(looks around then) but it is just you and me (realizing gasp) that must mean i am your boss (gets idea) i am sick of you you are fired
no ya dumb dominic i am my own boss#(impressed) shut up (thinks) when you call in sick who do you call ?
i do not call in sick  i work when i want to#sometimes you want to work ?
and lasso the street cattle#(puzzled) street cattle ?
(puzzled) street cattle ?#i think it goes here
i think it goes here#(annoyed grunt)
sheatas hebrew canoes spam cans swedish speedballs and of course stretch lameos#some of those were pretty funny
my blow better still be in the glove box#(to louie impressed) wow you make people miserable and there is nothing they can do about it just like god
ext inside impound lot  continuous)#man oh man you have got the greatest job in the world
you know if you are interested we could use another hook jockey the springfield territory's wide open since flatbed fred got killed in that murdermurdermurdersuicide#(thrilled) i would love to (sad moan) but i do not have a tow truck
for five hundred bucks i will sell ya this old bucket#(considers) i am not sure my wife will go for these naughty mud flaps
not to worry these are the ones you show at home#uh that is still too sexy for my wife
no problem#(rueful) man you work as a silhouette model for one day and it haunts you for the rest of your life
one stick to springfield (grim) if i catch you on my turf i will rip off your head vomit down your neck pull out your heart show it to your head then shove 'em both down your neck hole to which i previously alluded#(jotting) which i previously alluded are there two "l's" in "alluded" ?
rule two always keep your hook pointed out#why ? what happens if i point it this way ?
ext springfield street  day)#ah my first tow
ext springfield  another street  day)#ah my first tow
stop stop i am entitled to park there#(skeptical) really ? what is your handicap ?
faster more dangerous#(huge laughs)
what the hell are you doing ?#i am doing my job
i am doing my job#you are hovering over a hydrant
you are in the sky now  my domain#(satisfied chuckle)
int moe's  day)#i have got tow dough i am lookin' to blow moe
huh ?#(explaining) i am buying a round of the fanciest drink you got
with those jerks out of the way i was able to park right outside#(smelling blood) outside ? that is a onehour parking zone  and you have been here a good eightyone minutes
homer where have you been ?#marge when you are married to a midnight towboy you might not see him for days on end
i do not want to live like that#hey when you married a man who would years later without warning become a tow truck driver you knew what the deal would eventually be
well no one's disputing that#guess what boy last night i towed your principal's car
top of the mornin' towmer#it is homer idiot
so it is i am just here to pay the fine for the sunday school bus you towed it with the kids still in it#(chuckle) i guess i am more powerful than god now
"with great power comes great responsibility"#(furious) who said that ? i will kill them with my power
ext town line  night)#(excited gasp)
(excited gasp)#oh my god multiple tickets handicapped spot parked by a hydrant incomprehensible vanity plate
oh my god multiple tickets handicapped spot parked by a hydrant incomprehensible vanity plate#if my life as a tow truck driver were a teleplay this would be the end of act two
i told you to stay off my turf#what ? i am still in springfield
what ? i am still in springfield#(baffled noise) okay i made a mistake why do not you give me two demerit points in a point system we work out right now ?
ext street  guidopolis  night)#(angry) put me down you lousy (delighted) wheeee (then angry) okay i am warning you (delighted) wheeee (then angry) i will kill you you son of a (delighted) wheeee (then angry) all right buddy that is it i have had (delighted) whee (scream of pain)
(angry) put me down you lousy (delighted) wheeee (then angry) okay i am warning you (delighted) wheeee (then angry) i will kill you you son of a (delighted) wheeee (then angry) all right buddy that is it i have had (delighted) whee (scream of pain)#(pained weary "wheeee")
(pained weary "wheeee")#you let go (grunts)
int louie's house  night)#(sarcastic) ooh a trap door what is down there ? your meatball collection ?
goodbye#(doppler) i thought we were friends i was kidding you in a friendly fashion
int louie's basement  continuous)#who are you guys ?
we are just like you  tow truck drivers who got greedy#(worried) is louie keeping you prisoner here ?
(sarcastic) the truth is we are just waiting for each others' hair to grow so we can braid it#okay i get it i am not stupid it is number two right ?
(on phone) dad ? where are you ?#(stilted) do not worry i am working
working ? where ?#(stilted) ask no questions and do not call the police or i will kill me
you sound weird#(stilted) all is well goodbye forever
int louie's basement  guidopolis  continuous)#and all the transformers transformed back into trucks and cars the end
oh that is great / great story (chuckle)#okay we have got time for one more
homer you do know what tomorrow is#once upon a time there was a hilarious ogre named shrek three he lived in medieval times but sometimes he'd say things from today times
ext another street  guidopolis  night)#and if elected president of our small community i will determine once and for all how far we can go without being gay
ext louie's house  basement window  continuous)#maggie
maggie#we are free
we are free#maggie you did all this ?
maggie you did all this ?#and to pay you back i am returning your nose
and to pay you back i am returning your nose#(sweetly) here's your nose daddy's putting back your nose
(giggles)#oh wait that is lisa's nose
homie you are all right#thanks to her
int marge and homer's bedroom  evening)#wow bart lookin' good (chuckles)
well i have to look good for tomorrow#(not a clue) right tomorrow
(not a clue) right tomorrow#(to self) think think
(to self) think think#you have to think it is your job
you have to think it is your job#(furious) why you little
(to homer) you have to be there  you miss way too many precious moments in the children's lives#(indignant) what ? name twelve
homer you cannot miss lisa's big day and you have to come sober#american sober or irish sober ?
point zero eight sober#(haggling) point one five
point zero nine#point one oh with a stomach full of bread my final offer
(reluctant) deal#(to marge) goodnight sweetheart
int marge and homer's bedroom  early next morning)#(groggy) can not be late for lisa's big day
int homer's car  a few minutes later)#(excited) i am gonna make it i will be on time for lisa's thing
(excited) i am gonna make it i will be on time for lisa's thing#ooo an awesome accident (calming himself) easy easy i will just take three seconds to gawk (stops car then disappointed) aw everyone's okay
ext springfield elementary auditorium  later)#gonna make it gonna make it
gonna make it gonna make it#woo hoo
woo hoo#hmmm well marge who is the unfit parent now ? (chuckles)
hmmm well marge who is the unfit parent now ? (chuckles)#(smug) an hour and fiftyfour minutes to spare with my free time i can finally work on my "superman" novel
(smug) an hour and fiftyfour minutes to spare with my free time i can finally work on my "superman" novel#(writing) "make way for superman" said superman as he punched everyone at the coffee bean chapter two"
and now the reason we are all here today lisa simpson#(taunting) oh hello marge i am at the most important event of our daughter's life and you are totally late am i disappointed ? yes am i surprised ? no
homer i am a hostage in a bank robbery#(genuinely upset) what ? oh my god my sweet margie okay listen very carefully do not do anything they say remain panicky and above all try to be a hero
(thumbing through pages) worse than scuzzo scummo oopsie carlos mencia stinko blumpy even worse than sergeant serious how could i do worse than him ? i stole all his jokes#chief you gotta do something  my current wife is in there (points)
psst psst#(margelike annoyed murmurs)
ext bank of springfield  moments later)#(shaken) oh marge i was afraid i was going to lose you ohhh (gently) now let me help you make your slow transition back to society
i just want to go home#(gently) you have a new home now with us
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#(considerate) sweetheart what is wrong ?
you are disgracing america's pastime you should be ashamed of yourself what the ?#you do not owe him anything moe was in the hospital for three weeks and i did not visit him once
you said you visited him every night#moe the tavern not moe the person
dwight that was the most unselfish thing i have ever seen (sweetly) i am sorry i did not visit you before#hey marge look at us  the four amigos they are gonna let me do some odd jobs for them on the outside
you see the problem is we have grown apart#(surly) the problem is you do not share my interest in not being with you
greetings two fortyone#(to self mad) why does he always bring up my weight ?
kent brockman he found the gully where i dump electricity every summer to jack up prices#do not worry sir i will handle this cleanly quietly and (noticing something) bart
int simpson house  later that morning)#marge i am gonna be home late tonight (lying) i am going to midnight monkey madness at the zoo
well i will not be home either (lying) i am uh flipping over wheelbarrows in case it rains#(not suspicious) have fun at your crazysounding thing
ninth floor  assassin's perch#now all i have to do is think of a clever line before i pull the trigger (thinking noise) oh that is a perfect one but i do not need to say it out loud 'cause i am by myself
now all i have to do is think of a clever line before i pull the trigger (thinking noise) oh that is a perfect one but i do not need to say it out loud 'cause i am by myself#(mad) out of my way mystery skank
(mad) out of my way mystery skank#(angry) hey now i do not get paid
ext girder  continuous)#now i am mad
now i am mad#now i am (crazy babbling)
now i am (crazy babbling)#(gasps) marge is a professional assassin
you just can not get russian gangster blood out must be something they eat#(re wig) hey what is that ?
(suspicious) how was your night ?#(lying) great great  i turned over so many wheelbarrows (realizing) wait that was your thing
homie i made you my "killer" lasagna#(extending empty plate) seconds please
(extending empty plate) seconds please#(arguing) i will kill her after dessert
you are a killer for hire#you ruined that pie
how could you not tell me you were an assassin ?#how could you not tell me ?
i told you twenty times you never listen#(not listening) well they are not as pretty as you marge
listen i#okay here's the deal i will do the killing for hire and you stay home with the kids
i get fifty thousand dollars a hit  how much do you make ?#(ashamed) i just get to keep whatever's in the guy's wallet
all those nights i thought you were out getting drunk you were out killing people ?#i was out getting drunk then killing people
stop it that is my favorite couch#(mad) why do you think i am kicking it ?
(worried) it sounded like you were#hey who wants ice cream in bed ?
great now they are gonna have tummy aches tomorrow and where will "super dad" be then ?#(grimly) at your funeral
i would have taken a bribe#(turned on) oh that was so hot i love watching you do other guys
(turned on) i'd like to see you do a guy sometime#(sexy) that can be arranged
int what looks like couples therapist's office  day)#(at the end of a long speech) so killing people together has really spiced things up in the bedroom
int simpson house  kitchen  evening)#(chanting impatient) crme brle crme brle or in english burnt cream burnt cream
(sings to "she will be coming 'round the mountain") we will be killing every human in two days / we will be killing every human in two days / we will cook them / we will eat them / 'cause that is the way to treat them#oh maarge want some company ? as always silence means yes
oh maarge want some company ? as always silence means yes#how about a little neck rub baby ?
how about a little neck rub baby ?#now how 'bout the neck of my butt
now how 'bout the neck of my butt#oh marge your tentacles feel so good (realizing) wait a minute why am i getting words in edgewise ?
oh marge your tentacles feel so good (realizing) wait a minute why am i getting words in edgewise ?#(horrified screams)
kodos the destroyer#do not worry son  i have got a plan to save your space doggy
ext simpson house  front step  continuous)#(southern belle voice) who is it ?
open this door at once#(southern belle voice) oh i am not decent let me throw something on
(southern belle voice) oh i am not decent let me throw something on#(still southern belle voice) can i help you gentlemen ? (coquettish giggle)
we know it is you mr simpson now where is the alien ?#(normal voice disappointed) wow you guys are good the alien's right here in the living room
(getting killed noises)#hop in bart they are gonna let us kill one
(pleading) bart friend ?#homer  bored
definitely  especially if you count the inside flap as part of the cover it usually gives you a great idea of what the book's about#(excited) quiet  we are missing the dissection
actually i am still alive so technically it is vivisection#(gently) no one likes a knowitall
(struggling noises)#(eerie calm) shh shh shh shh shh
excuse me but this is not good#oh lighten up it is halloween  a night for mischief and merriment
i have got something that will scare the hedouble sippy straws out of them#(whiny) hold still i am trying to eat my way out from the inside
int luigi's  day)#(ravenous sucking noises)
(ravenous sucking noises)#more bread please
(terrifying) sloth#hm i thought i was killed by that magic spaghetti (sleepy noises)
hm i thought i was killed by that magic spaghetti (sleepy noises)#(sleepy anguished dying noises)
(gasp then loud whisper) there is a bee on maggie (points)#okay maggie just calmly and carefully back away
okay maggie just calmly and carefully back away#(muffled) beehive
(muffled) beehive#(muffled) blueberries
cool#way to go many happy returns
homer the wedding's in twenty minutes just pick a tie#(re ties sad moan) there are so many choices bolo ? clip on ? piano keys ? ten commandments of beer ?
ties sad moan) there are so many choices bolo ? clip on ? piano keys ? ten commandments of beer ?#the cornerstones of the brewish faith
(romantic) why do not you wear a tie that goes with my eyes ?#(playful) and what color would that be ?
you do not know what color my eyes are ?#of course i know
(somewhat playful not mean) no peeking (beat a little annoyed) i am waiting#uh
you really do not know do you ?#(caught) is "beautiful" a color ?
(mad) no#marge give me a break i do not notice the color of people's eyes i just judge them on the color of their skin
ext beach  day)#(catty) she is wearing white ? she must have rolled the odometer back to zero (chuckles)
(miffed) so you are good at noticing dress colors but not the eyes that make your dinner#(sad moan)
(waving arm) little help ?#spaz
ext simpson house  evening  establishing)#that is why to this day you never see a shark with monkey arms
but why do all your bedtime stories have commercials in them for the container store ?#("duh") because if i do it enough maybe they will start to pay me
("duh") because if i do it enough maybe they will start to pay me#sleep tight (selling) the container store now has five convenient locations
(sad moan)#do not worry boy they will find your parents soon
and until they do you can stay here#(kindly) and we will move your bedtime to an hour later so you will have more time to be alone with your thoughts
(intrigued) who is it ?#hey come on why do not you cheer up with a glass of ocean spray ? (pours juice then realizing) oh boy  forget that how about some (reaches into cupboard) cap'n crunch ? (realizing embarrassed noise goes through fridge) uh seven seas italian dressing ? (embarrassed reaction) no no uh chicken of the sea tuna ? (bigger embarrassed reaction then looks on counter) billy ocean cd ? the history of atlantic records ?
(cutting him off) stop naming things#i want to but i can not
then go to moe's#good idea i will drown my sorrows in anchor steam beer (realizing biggest embarrassed noise yet) oh i am sorry
(satisfied exhale) i can not be a baby anymore i am alone now i have to be a man thanks mags#where is it ?
where is it ?#i gotta find out what color marge's eyes are
i gotta find out what color marge's eyes are#chaching
chaching#(calling downstairs sweet and innocent) oh marge darling what is the combination to our wedding album ?
(smug) our anniversary#(annoyed grunt)
if he could go back to being happy i could go back to being cool#boy stop talking to yourself
int simpson house  hallway  continuous)#your thoughts should stay in your head (to himself) heh heh i sure told him now what am i gonna do about marge ?
ext simpson house  backyard  day)#oh i will never remember what color marge's eyes are
oh i will never remember what color marge's eyes are#brown ? no orange ? no elm ? rake ? guessing ? (sad moan)
(chuckles) well well look who is strollin' down alzheimer avenue you used to know everything about that wife of yours even wrote a song about her#a song ? (gasps) wait it is coming back to me
a song ? (gasps) wait it is coming back to me#(sings) the girl i love's got beautiful hair / a blue bouffant from here to there
(sings) the girl i love's got beautiful hair / a blue bouffant from here to there#snow white teeth and lips so red / she is the wilma to my fred
snow white teeth and lips so red / she is the wilma to my fred#oh the girl i love's got beautiful (realizing gasp) eyes
oh the girl i love's got beautiful (realizing gasp) eyes#/ when happy they sparkle when sad they cries
/ when happy they sparkle when sad they cries#/ those eyes are gems beyond appraisal / stunning shade of purest oh what is it ? i was so close let's see what rhymes with appraisal basil nasal  none of these are colors oh it is hopeless she will never love me again
oh homie i'd forgotten that beautiful song you wrote for me#hazel your eyes are hazel  hazel like the pussywillows by the pond where we first kissed like the almond paste in the bear claw i ate after we first made love
you are cool you are not "mainstream" you wear a porkpie hat#mmm porkpie
no men no cell phones no mirrors no shame"#(kindly) marge i wish you well but why would women want to go to a gym if there were no men there watching them and judging them ?
(kindly) marge i wish you well but why would women want to go to a gym if there were no men there watching them and judging them ?#we are gonna be rich we can finally start a family
we have a family#a better one
int resort  room  continuous)#oh yeah marge i love these business trips of yours (gasps) the tv remote is not nailed on (touched) my whole life i have never been in a hotel that trusted me
oh yeah marge i love these business trips of yours (gasps) the tv remote is not nailed on (touched) my whole life i have never been in a hotel that trusted me#hors d'oeuvres big fancy desserts and my wife is paying for everything now i know why pimps are so happy
(cocky) yep nothing beats living on "wifesupport" (chuckles)#i hear that (chuckles)
(nods) yo guys come meet a new husband#fine i admit it i am drunk
fine i admit it i am drunk#hey how ya doin' ? i am homer my wife invented a gym for "regular" women
my wife invented "skypills" she uh mixed vitamins with alkaseltzer and pretended it was medicine#i pay ten dollars a tube for those
that is why i drive a bentley#yeah i have not decided what kind of new car to get
and they are not talking about cars#are you sure they are not talking about cars ? because those are car words
yes#marge will not dump me i am the anchor that keeps her weighed down
then she stops wanting to tell you about her day#(shocked noise)
your wife seems happy and full of life#(defiant) that will never happen
(defiant) that will never happen#(calling) marge marge
(calling) marge marge#(gasps) a makeover
(gasps) a makeover#oh my god the prophecy is being fulfilled
oh my god the prophecy is being fulfilled#um so tell me about your day
oh you do not want to hear about my boring old day#i do i do
well the first inspirational speech of the day was by the woman who climbed mount everest and got everyone else killed#(changing channels) hey the networks have different channels in this city
that is okay i do not care that you do not care go watch your thing#(worried) are you happy and full of life ?
really ? but i am so used to my old one#(alarmed) old one ? they are convincing marge to dump me
(intrigued noise)#marge get away from them
(miffed) i am going to the successful ladies room#you guys gotta help me if marge leaves i will have nothing except my many friends and half the fortune she is now making and will continue to make
homer i am gonna let you in on a secret (sotto) i am a first husband i used to look like this#(puzzled noise) what is your secret ?
oh there is no secret just hard work#uhhuh
exercise two hours a day#okay
keep up with the latest fashions#fashions
and of course cut out all fatty foods and alcohol#uhhuh uhhuh got it i know just what it will take to hang onto marge
it is a very very serious operation you should only undergo it as a last resort#(sincere) please doc i know i am not the greatest looking guy in the world but i took care of my family and that used to be enough but not anymore
very well if you wish we can perform the procedure in the office today#and i know how i can knock myself out (bitterly) i will look at your bill
oh get a life#hm i guess considering all the training you have received this is quite reasonable (reads more getting louder) i have never seen anything so reasonable it is the bargain of a lifetime and
dad are you okay ? i see food on your plate instead of blurring motions#kids your daddy underwent a special procedure so he can be more attractive to your mother
you had your hot dog plumped ?#no i had my stomach stapled
no i had my stomach stapled#(moans) all food tastes like barf now
homie i am back (gasps)#(seductive) welcome home marge
you remembered i like romance#a smart successful woman like you deserves the very best
you also remembered i like flattery#do you like guys who are attractive ?
(amazed) homie you look good#all for you baby
let me get a good look at you#whoa whoa whoa  slow down sexy beast why do not you take some time to savor the front ?
(playful) what are you hiding from me ? is it chocolate ?#uh it used to be
(impressed) whoa those buns are poppin' fresh#yeah i am gonna turn off the lights now
and i will just fold this old sweaty blanket and put it in the closet#(quickly) ow ow ow ow ow ow ow ow (etc)
int plastic surgeon's office  day)#(upset) doctor i am embarrassed to show my body to my wife and it is all because of your surgery
you want me to unstaple your stomach ?#no i want you to give me every other surgery you have so i can look good and can you call it an aortic valve replacement so my insurance will cover it ?
and so to honor her success i bestow upon marge simpson this hundred dollar gift card to sweatpants etcetera#did someone order a super stud ?
did someone order a super stud ?#(uncomfortable noise) my implants feel itchy
listen homer i gotta be honest with you#you better not make me cry 'cause i do not know where my tear ducts are anymore
(sweet) i appreciate you trying to become more attractive for me but the truth is i am way too successful for you now i am gettin' me a trophy husband#(starts to sob)
(starts to sob)#i do not want to live without you marge
okay#noooo
noooo#(waking up noises)
(waking up noises)#huh ? why do i look like me again ?
the doctor called me about all the crazy surgeries you wanted and i said no but i did have him unstaple your stomach and turn you back into the sweet man i love#(realizing) then it was all a dream i never became a hideous monster
and dad i hope you learned something from this#i sure have plastic surgery is a mistake  because it has not been perfected to where you look really good when it is everyone should get it
ext springfield  town square  sunset)#listen marge i have been wondering all these years what is it about me that you find so irresistible ? let's face it you could do better
well maybe i could but every time i look at you i see the same adorable boy i fell in love with#aw
int gadget gulch  moments later)#now ignore all the fancyshmancy thingamajigs boy we are just gonna get a camera battery and go home
interested in a car stereo ?#no thanks  just here for a battery
big special on camcorders#all i want is a battery
care to make love sir ?#(upbeat) battery battery battery
(upbeat) battery battery battery#hmm
hmm#no
no#bingo
bingo#one battery please
that'll be fifty cents  or free with the purchase of a $200 tivo plus a twoyear contract#sold (under breath) sucker
sir your tivo ?#(baffled) my what now ?
int funeral home  continuous)#(hopping from foot to foot) c'mon lisa the tv's been off for five whole minutes
(impressed noise)#(chuckles) i spit on your corpse advertisersupported television
i saved "lost" watched all of "rome" in a day and got through "two and a half men" in two and a half minutes then i ran out of space and had to choose between "sophie's choice" and "schindler's list"#why is everything hollywood makes so excellent ? whyyyy ?
("cowboy") howdy folks are you tired of family arguments over where to go to dinner ?#(nods) sometimes i think about gettin' on a bus and never comin' back
why not try wes doobner's world famous family style rib huts the rib joint with something for everyone#(skeptical) good luck with my finicky appetite
we have got ribs#sold
we are going to a rest'rant grand op'niiiiiiiing / (big finish) but do not fill up on bread#("and many more") that is how they getcha
int simpson car  continuous)#(happy) more ribs for me
there are not any tables or chairs#(upbeat) more ribs for me
(looks around) i see no grill oven or food of any kind#(clinging to hope) more ribs for me ?
(western but menacing) hello simpsons (evil cackle)#finally some service now listen we wanna sit under a cool state license plate  michigan or better
and now you are all going to die  just because you watched a television commercial#(moans) next time a commercial comes on i am gonna close my eyes cover my ears and scream as loud as i can
(moans) next time a commercial comes on i am gonna close my eyes cover my ears and scream as loud as i can#(loud scream)
before you die perhaps you would like to know how i engineered my ultimate revenge#(irate) i'd like to know if wes doobner is aware of what you are doing in his restaurant
(rolls eyes) i am wes doobner#mr doobner i have a complaint i work hard and when i go out with my family i expect a certain level of basic
shut up this time to liven up my tale i brought along some visual aides just call me slideshow bob#(loud whisper) nobody do it
the hills still have eyes" (sinister) and now the moment we have all been waiting for#finally the ribs
int casket  continuous)#(shakes head then) yet another new restaurant fails
he mocked my folksy ways#he cheats at uno
well i guess the rest of us should pay our respects#(whispers) yeah well between you and me i still can not stand him
(whispers) yeah well between you and me i still can not stand him#(echoes) i still can not stand him i still can not stand him i still can not stand him (etc)
(echoes) i still can not stand him i still can not stand him i still can not stand him (etc)#(echoing) i do not care about these church jerks church jerks church jerks
feet ? killing ? (gasp of realization) we gotta save bart#now ?
now ?#but i am getting a home perm
bob planned this from the beginning #uhhuh
he wanted to be captured at the restaurant#yes
he would never get a shakespeare quote wrong #no
his mother was a shakespearean actress#oh yeah
his father is a doctor#a doctor huh ?
so when bob collapsed in the courtroom#i remember
his father could take that opportunity to inject bob with a powerful drug that simulated death#uhhuh
it was a diabolical scheme and every member of his family played a part#are you done ? 'cause i have been circling the funeral home for ten minutes
stop that cremation#(sniffs twice) hey what smells so good ?
you are too late simpsons (triumphant laugh)#eat hobo remains
(inside coffin) get me outta here what are you doing ? i can not breathe#marge he is got to get over his fear of coffins
well this time i think sideshow bob is finally locked up for good#yeah the only thing that is gonna be hacked to pieces now is this celebratory cake
ext springfield street  morning)#(groggy moan)
(groggy moan)#(puzzled) wow i must have really tied one on last night
ext simpson house  morning)#(hung over) no more drinking
(hung over) no more drinking#(sneaky chuckle then softly/ mischievous) six am  still early enough to sneak into bed and pretend i actually got home at three am
(sneaky chuckle then softly/ mischievous) six am  still early enough to sneak into bed and pretend i actually got home at three am#(sneaky chuckle cut off by confused noise) where is marge ?
int bart's room  moments later)#hey kids have you seen your mother ?
int lisa's room  moments later)#or yourselves ?
int maggie's room  moments later)#maggie ? (very worried) has anyone seen anyone ? (remembering relieved) oh of course they must all be taking a family bath (jealous) without me
int simpson house  bathroom  continuous)#(excited) save some suds for
(excited) save some suds for#(devastated) daddy
(devastated) daddy#hey boy do you know where the family is ? (pointing to computer) show me on mapquest
(mean growl)#(rolls eyes) fine google maps
(vicious growl biting noise)#what is going on why are you attacking me ? look if this is about me eating your heart pills they should not have made them in good 'n' plenty colors
ext moe's tavern  day  establishing)#moe my family's gone my dog hates me and i can not remember what happened last night was i here ?
was you ever you came in sayin' you really needed to forget something so i mixed you up the most powerful drink i got (dramatic) the "forgetmeshot"#a "forgetmeshot ?" never heard of it
you start with a splash of jaegermeister then add sloe gin triplesec quadruplesec gunk from a dog's eye absolut pickle#mmm pickle
(anguished noise)#oh my god why would i wanna wipe out my memory ? what horrible thing did i do ?
(sternly) there was a domestic disturbance at your address yesterday#(shocked remembering noise) chief wiggum i remember seeing you
ext moe's tavern  the present (end flashback))#marge had a black eye ? i could never do something like that (worried) could i ?
why do not you ask the person who filed the complaint ? not that i am authorized to release that infor#flanders
(pissed) fine it was flanders now since you know everything who was jack the ripper ?#(running out doppler) the queen's private surgeonnn
i had to  i heard a hubbub bub#(grabs flanders by the shirtfront desperate) what did i do ?
int simpson house  living room  a little later)#what happened in this room ? if only these walls could talk people would pay to come see my amazing talking walls and i could use that money to hey a memory
ext dimwillie's coffee shop  day  establishing)#dad i can not remember what i did last night (pleading) do you have any idea ?
dad i can not remember what i did last night (pleading) do you have any idea ?#(reading) "your memory bubble and you"
you come to me for help rememberin' ? that is like asking your horse to do your taxes which i did back in nineteen ninetyeight#i am afraid i did something to make marge and the kids leave me
wait i know someone who can help ya  a doctor who helps people dig up old memories#(a little hopeful) really ? well that is great dad how can i ever repay you ?
punch that orderly who takes sips out of my juice#(kindly) done
mr simpson i have built a device that will enable you to explore your memories the science was easy but now i have got the hard part coming up with a name#how 'bout the deja viewmaster ?
uhh#remembrance of things fast ?
hmm#the rememberererer ?
ah my first christmas such great chinese food#this is great i am finally gonna find out how i ruined my family strap me in nerd
now you will feel a slight pinch followed by an extremely painful pinch signaling that the spike will begin boring into your skull three seconds later#(rolls eyes) boring
yes that is right boring#(slightly annoyed) ow ow (then in pain) ow (then pleasant) three two one (in excruciating pain) owwwww (pain turning into happy amazed noise)
ext springfield pond  day (flashback))#what the hell ?
what the hell ?#(reading) "this bubble allows you to view any past event from your life" (sniffs then pleased noise) it is got that new bubble smell
(reading) "this bubble allows you to view any past event from your life" (sniffs then pleased noise) it is got that new bubble smell#(from bubble) aw i landed in a pleasant memory  look at happy me and playful them
(cheerful celebrating turning into laughter)#oh i miss those bygone days of earlier this week (steeling himself) but i am needed in a darker place
oh homer i did not want you to find out this way#(in bubble) another man with my wife in my house on top of my tv guide ?
(in bubble) another man with my wife in my house on top of my tv guide ?#i have gotta find out who that guy is but i need help someone like bart only smart (realizing) lisa
(frightened shriek) another me ? (points to bubble homer) you can watch the kids#lisa i am about to probe the most shattering moment of my life (chipper) you wanna join me ?
yo homer can you take me to when you were ten to see if i can kick your butt ?#(grim) bring it on
(whines) you are superior to me in every way#(annoyed grunt) well let's see how you do against twentyyearold homer
(whines) what is it you want from me ? money ? weed ?#(furious) i will teach you to beat up yesterme
dad you just destroyed your first kiss#(worried) who was it with ?
(messing with him) uh apu#(thinking he remembers) right
(thinking he remembers) right#kids your mom is with another man and i need you to help me find out who he is (realizes) hm is this really something i should show you kids ?
kids your mom is with another man and i need you to help me find out who he is (realizes) hm is this really something i should show you kids ?#it is okay  we are not really your kids we are just representations of them that you created in your mind
it is okay  we are not really your kids we are just representations of them that you created in your mind#really ? then if i created all this that means i can have pizza anytime i want
really ? then if i created all this that means i can have pizza anytime i want#hello i'd like to order a pizza (listens) thirtyfive minutes ?
(shocked) hey what is going on here ?#see ? that is where my memory stops who the heck is that guy ?
see ? that is where my memory stops who the heck is that guy ?#what if you just moved the bottle ?
what if you just moved the bottle ?#all right let me just get out of this bubble smoothly and elegantly
all right let me just get out of this bubble smoothly and elegantly#(sad moan) how can i get my memory to work ?
duffman#(horrified) the mother of my children with the reason for my children
i am just givin' it to your wife she is gonna be sore tomorrow#noooo
int clinic  continuous)#your stupid invention made me realize my life is worthless
ext springfield  night)#my life is ruined
my life is ruined#goodbye cruel world
goodbye cruel world#and goodbye cruller world
good one#wait a minute  if killing myself would make you two happy then i am not gonna do it
(doppler scream)#(awed noise) my life's flashing before my eyes
ext below bridge  night (end flashback))#a life welllived (sadly) until last night (resigned) i guess i will have to watch that now
ext simpson house  the previous evening)#hey what is going on here ?
oh homer i did not want you to find out this way we were planning a surprise party for you#(blown away) a surprise party ?
i am sorry your surprise party was spoiled#are you kidding ? (horrified) the mother of my children with the reason for my children (then) this is gonna be the greatest party ever
(stands up hands on hips) oh yeah duff beer is sponsoring the party featuring new duff champagne (holds up bottle)  the beer of champagnes#oh my god it is like christmas in december let's celebrate now
(anguished noise) my eye#(horrified) do not worry honey i will get you an ice pack (looks around) where is the ice pack ?
homer we wanna get him away from burns#so marge wasn't cheating on me i never hit her and my family is throwing me an awesome party (chuckles) thank god i figured it out before i did anything stupid
so marge wasn't cheating on me i never hit her and my family is throwing me an awesome party (chuckles) thank god i figured it out before i did anything stupid#oh right
oh right#(long anguished moan which turns into happy surprised noise)
(long anguished moan which turns into happy surprised noise)#(happily) oh my god i am not dead
homie this is your party#this is great i must be the first gullible husband to overhear snippets of surprise party planning and think it was my wife having an affair
geez homer i can not believe your plan actually worked#what plan ?
int moe's  the previous night)#marge put so much work into that party the least i could do is be surprised if only i could forget what happened today
i have spit in every drink i ever served you (spits in homer's drink) bottoms up#hmmm the only problem is i am sure to retain some image of coming home and finding duffman no doubt i will misconstrue that as him placing a cuckold's horns upon my brow and that will make me want to jump off a (gasps)
hmmm the only problem is i am sure to retain some image of coming home and finding duffman no doubt i will misconstrue that as him placing a cuckold's horns upon my brow and that will make me want to jump off a (gasps)#for the love of god make sure the party boat has a moonbounce
because i did not want him finding out about the party i mean he is okay but you know he'd bring sarah and i just do not care for that woman#and when you pushed me off the bridge it is 'cause you knew about the party and wanted to make sure i got here
this is good for two free drinks#(ignoring them) hmmm the only thing that still does not make sense is why the dog attacked me
because you never feed him walk him or let him out to pee#(chuckles) oh yeah
(chuckles) oh yeah#(baby talk) who is an angry dog ? who is an angry dog ?
are not you going to drink ?#(sweetly) no this is a moment i want to remember
(urgent) we can not leave work till you do#oh no he is talking to that mailroom guy
(anguished groan)#(into phone) listen carefully i have taken your wife hostage if you do not have a wife i have kidnapped your brother nod if you understand
(into phone) listen carefully i have taken your wife hostage if you do not have a wife i have kidnapped your brother nod if you understand#(into phone) now back away from burns and i will let your dog live
(into phone) now back away from burns and i will let your dog live#good (milking it) now stop and dance like a happy prospector
good (milking it) now stop and dance like a happy prospector#happier
happier#happier
happier#happier
time to make our move#oh right (into phone) just leave but kick like a rockette
(delighted whoops)#we are free
ext homer's car  driving  a little later)#set the table marge
set the table marge#i can already taste those deepfried pork chops
do not you remember what today is ?#(moans) when you ask me that it is never good
it is the first of the month the day you promised to start your new diet#(incredibly anguished moan)
i am just really worried about your weight bart says that we got a call from nasa and your gravity is pulling satellites out of their orbit#marge that was a joke
(anguished) but it comes from a true place#(defeated noise)
(defeated noise)#(sadly) well if i am gonna start a diet this is my last chance to eat all the crap i love
ext springfield  fast food boulevard  evening)#(wistful) i think i will miss you most of all captain corndog's schnitzel palace (determined) no tears homer
int homer's car  a little later)#uhoh can not let marge see this
thank you#(happy gasp) a driveup trashcan
(happy gasp) a driveup trashcan#this must be how the rich toss out their gold and as long as i am cleaning out the family chariot
this must be how the rich toss out their gold and as long as i am cleaning out the family chariot#(listing off items as he throws them out) cups newspapers bottles tricycle lawn chair uncashed checks
(listing off items as he throws them out) cups newspapers bottles tricycle lawn chair uncashed checks#hmm (reading with difficulty) "dispose of proper" (slight moan giving up) this book is too hard
hmm (reading with difficulty) "dispose of proper" (slight moan giving up) this book is too hard#now for a victory cigar
there there cheesy mcmayor no one likes weepy meat#(defiant) i can not stand to see a grown burger cry we must rebuild fast food boulevard
(defiant) i can not stand to see a grown burger cry we must rebuild fast food boulevard#i do not know about you but i do not want to live in a future where food is brought by (sneering) waiters where the chairs are not attached to the tables and where i can not ditch my kids in a pit of dirty balls i say we rebuild the fastfood district  bigger and better than ever
this election is on every channel#c'mon marge it is primary fever  catch it
i think it is exciting  springfield is the center of the political universe i feel like a pundit in a think tank#(rubs chin) think tank eh ?
(thoughtful noises)#what ? not allowed to get one right ?
but i was in "die hard"#(contemptful) "die hard two"
opinions about the ads#(excited gasp) i live in that place
former governor vincent aleppo said in the new york times "i will protect the nation from attack"#(decisive) he is got my vote
(ominous) but in that same issue of the new york times they also printed an article about terrorist leader nussaf al mustaffi#(shaken) dear god what have i done ?
(gravely  la biblical phrase) "and ye shall judge them by the company they keep"#(scared) oh my god they are going steady  did everyone see that ?
i feel exactly the opposite but the same#that was the best milkshake ad i have ever seen it makes me want a milkshake
stop all this pandering#(standing) if you have not sprung from or are not married to my loins get the hell out of this house
(standing) if you have not sprung from or are not married to my loins get the hell out of this house#you too fred thompson
you too fred thompson#is everyone here as sick of those stupid politicians as i am ?
what're we gonna do ? we can not not vote nobody does that#(getting idea) why do not we all pick the most ridiculous candidate and write him in ?
sorry#no no this candidate has to be unbelievably ridiculous
chief wiggum#no (getting idea) but you are close
shockingly this new face is now favored by fiftythree percent of likely voters a new frontrunner has been crowned#(chuckles) what i did made the tv thing happen
lisa i am sure this wiggumarole will blow over  you have to have faith in the wisdom of the average voter#i dig the wig i dig the wig
ow#lisa being president is easy you just point the army and shoot
the constitution ? i am pretty sure the patriot act killed it to ensure our freedoms#(mocking) oh the patriot act is so terrible the government might find out what library books i take out what is next  finding out what operas i go to ?
dad i am freezing#do not worry kids these wool socks and down parkas will keep you warm
we would not be in this trouble if you would just paid the heating bill#i thought global warming would take care of it al gore can not do anything right
hey parents are allowed to keep some secrets#(upbeat) like which kid's their favorite (sotto) it is lisa
we are in every kind of therapy#things happened between your mother and me that we are not proud of it was the middle of a wild decade known as the nineteen nineties
the nineties ? never heard of it#oh it was a wonderful time the iraq war was over once and for all a struggling matt groening created "futurama" and young people believed in their dreams thanks to a tv show called "melrose place"
ext apartment complex  springfield  day)#your mother and i were dating and we had just moved into our first apartment together
ext apartment  balcony  a little later)#we did not have a lot of money but we were young and in love
ext king toot's music store  day)#like all young people i had a musical dream
like all young people i had a musical dream#a dream called inoffensive urban light hiphop smooth grooves
ext springfield university  day)#but marge's education was worth all the pistol whipping in the world
(gasp)#marge marge where are you ?
ext street  springfield  day (still in flashback))#i was so depressed i spent all my time in a bar
ext springfield  little seattle  day)#i had finally realized every rock star's dream
int victorian mansion  continuous)#hating being famous
(weary) oh marge it is statements like that that make people say women are stupid#a tale of two young outlaws in love
homer really did need those injections#i had become diabetic from drinking too many frappuccinos
ext classic simpsons minigolf course  later)#with the nineties drawing to a close and the sydney olympics to look forward to our love rekindled
with the nineties drawing to a close and the sydney olympics to look forward to our love rekindled#and one moonlit night i finally had fun at a minigolf course (chuckles)
did you two ever get back together ?#yep that professor could not keep me and marge apart
yep that professor could not keep me and marge apart#(considers) i mean unless he had been a little nicer at the beach
well that professor did teach me one good lesson  homie is where my heart is#and once we were back together i was too happy ever to grunge again
int simpson's car  continuous)#good 'cause i am parking at it right now
reality shows britney spears the suspicious number of home runs being hit#for the next two hours we will be kid free (pleased) it will be just like the time we lost them at the mall
(giggles)#that was the best christmas ever
int tunnel of love  moments later)#ah the tunnel of love  nothing gets a woman in your arms faster than scary robots and simulated privacy
(scared scream)#(chuckle)
(prerecorded scary noise)#(chuckle)
(scared noise)#(chuckle)
(chuckle)#marge look over there (points to a wolfman)
(even more scared noise)#(giggles)
this is a terrible valentine's day#what if i told you some of the greatest love stories of all time ?
(cackles)#even better  a tale of  (holds up finger) one moment
(gets punched cutting off cackle)#you would think so but (more machine gun noises)
you would think so but (more machine gun noises)#they were the bonnie and clyde of their day their names were bonnie and clyde
int tunnel of love  evening)#(machine gun noises alternating with getting shot noises)
int tunnel of love  evening)#(moans) even love is boring when you are stuck in a tunnel of it why can not this be the tunnel of hockey fights ?
and i love you tootsie roll#happy valentine's day and shut your gob
while your car's in the shop you can drive this loaner#(puzzled) loaner ?
she is right here#(impressed) wow this is the kind of car you see in commercials (to mike suspicious) how much am i paying for this ?
nothin'#(considering) hm it seems like a lot
on the contrary the loaner car is complimentary it is standard policy#really ? you people are idiots (mocking laughter) that is the dumb (mocking laughter) what a stu (mocking laughter then recovering) i mean that sounds fair
okay so#(more mocking laughter) look at you idiots
ext springfield street  day)#(sings to "owner of a lonely heart") driver of a loaner car / much better than a / driver of my normal car (does "yes"style drum solo)
whoa fancy wheels what song does the horn play ?#(proudly) none
(surprised noise)#hey boy check out my new car
hey boy check out my new car#(playful giggles)
cut it out#wanna take a ride with your old man ?
no#(pleading) c'mon c'mon oh c'mon
int loaner car  continuous)#(sincere) what is the matter son ?
there is this new kid at school who everyone thinks is cooler than me#aw do not give up boy i believe in you  and not just because i have to
(touched) really dad ?#(sincere) son i know when we first met we did not really hit it off but since then i have really come to respect you and unlike love respect can not be bought
(reinvigorated) you are right i am gonna go to school tomorrow and show everyone i am awesome#that is my boy now let's watch the air conditioner fight the heater
(laughs and cheers)#now let's add the rear window defogger (screams)
now let's add the rear window defogger (screams)#twister get down
(sad) no i am kind of embarrassed about it#mrs simpson may i take you for an evening drive ? our loaner awaits
did you just unlock the car from here ?#(smugly) uhhuh
(gasp then aroused noise)#(picking up phone) hello you have reached the snug bug (shuts off radio) what do you mean my car's ready ? well you can keep it 'cause i am never giving up this one now why do not you enjoy the sounds of my wife and me making sweet sweet love
int car dealership  day)#that wasn't us that was the transmission
i never dreamed an american car designed in germany assembled in mexico from parts made in canada could be so amazing#(chuckles) yeah i can not believe all those years i used to drive that old piece of (gasp) what the ?
ext car dealership  continuous)#my old car
my old car#so you are sure this baby'll make it out to the desert ?
so you are sure this baby'll make it out to the desert ?#(distant gasp)
(distant gasp)#sure why what did ya have in mind ?
sure why what did ya have in mind ?#well we are gonna start by shootin' her full of holes and then me and the boys are gonna have a little fun with her
well we are gonna start by shootin' her full of holes and then me and the boys are gonna have a little fun with her#(creepy chuckles)
(creepy chuckles)#i will have you know i love this car as if it was my own child
dad ?#(chuckles) sorry maggie
(sexy) come and get me you syrupy stack of mancakes (sexy growl)#(two grunts of exertion)
(two grunts of exertion)#(moans) it is too much work (sexy) why do not you come and get me ?
(moans) it is too much work (sexy) why do not you come and get me ?#(kissing noises turned to wheezing)
jeez louise are you okay ?#(slightly out of breath) just gimme a minute but feel free to go nuts on me
(thoughtful noise)#oh boy dinner time the perfect break between work and drunk
oh boy dinner time the perfect break between work and drunk#(sniffs) wait what is that smell ? (very worried) it is like a stalk of broccoli fell in a pot of boiling water
it is your new diet#but i have all those old diets i still have not finished
homer did you know i used to weigh four hundred pounds ?#i will bet no man would touch you
well i went from fat to "all that" using my simple foolproof diet it is all about little substitutions instead of french toast for breakfast why not eat a bell pepper ? when you crave something sugary eat a bell pepper want a beer ? bell pepper#(happy noise) it is tangy like a pepper but crunchy like a bell
(calling) bell peppers pipin' cold crunchy and bland#three please
ext moe's  night  establishing)#(sips it) not quite
you have gained seven pounds#well they say muscle weighs more than fat
homie have you been cheating on your diet ?#what ? (haughty) i am not even gonna dignify that with eye contact
searching for evidence i know your father's cheating on his diet#hey marge looking for something ? i am looking for something too  a bell pepper i do not like maybe it will be this one
hey marge looking for something ? i am looking for something too  a bell pepper i do not like maybe it will be this one#(dramatic whisper) wrong again (chuckles)
(quickly) that isusuallytruebutinthiscaseit isnot#(blas) work
it is four o'clock on a saturday#(lying) i uh i have to count the atoms at the nuclear plant conservation of mass  it is the law
int simpson house  living room  day)#i now declare you chips and salsa
i now declare you chips and salsa#(mouth full) oh hey kids um (large swallowing noise) what is up ?
(nervous giggle)#well i certainly wasn't eating chips and salsa from this briefcase
nothing#(mouth full) nothing
int motel room  continuous)#mmm lamb
(reads) "i can not live with the guilt i am going to martin's house to end it all" (gasp)#c'mon pick up pick up i know you are there
int "mistressstyle" apartment  bedroom  continuous)#listen baby the other night was great but it can never happen again oh who am i kidding ? i have to see you right now
homer jay simpson#(short scream) pudding power activate
let him have it marge#(sincere) sweetheart i did not want to deceive you i just could not stand to see the disappointment in your beautiful eyes
(groggy waking up noise then scared noise)#(multiple pained sounds)
(multiple pained sounds)#bart it is me
bart it is me#i am lord evilton from the "angelica button" books
(turning away from her to sleep) wait in line for a book ? you tell 'em bart says "hey"#c'mon boy all the nerds are doin' it
okay i am gonna hand out colored bracelets the color on your bracelet will determine#move or die
(flips) angelica's first kiss da da da (flips) subplot about her cat who cares ? (flips) professor skizzletwitch is a werebear (flips) and uh no no he is not (flips shocked) maluicious krubb is actually kraluicious mubb#(gasp)
int simpson house  foyer  continuous)#well that is our book for the year  i think we have earned some tv
tv tv tv#but kids i want you in bed by three am
(disappointed noise)#hey somebody's gotta be the bad guy
(mischievous chuckle)#stop saying things bart that is the tv's job
(upbeat) oh (realizing sad) oh#that is right now i will cut and you soak
i think you have got a point (inspired calling out) homie i am gonna be a dancer#(passing by hopeful) gogo or boring ?
(excited) boring#(sad moan)
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#son while your mother and little mother are out i am gonna let you in on a deep dark family secret
(serious) you have a drinking problem ?#i said secret
i said secret#(conspiratorial) have you ever wondered what i do in that locked room ?
gay out ?#(ignoring him) well wonder no more
dad marinating with you is cool#thanks son
(affectionate giggle)#(warmly) some of that is cow blood
ext simpson house  establishing  morning)#my hindu friend this is a chance for your kwikemart to get in on the ground floor of a delicious new taste sensation
(gasps) what the ?#where is our jerky ?
(irate) you have wasted my time (grimly) you have made a very powerless enemy (chipper) good day and be well#wait wait wait wait you have not seen our power point presentation bart ?
(cutting them off) you can skip the "k" and the "y"  i do not thank you and i will not come again#who could have done this ?
(examining clues) well something chewed through the cellar door and the floor is covered with paw prints#(knowing) this can only mean one thing
(knowing) this can only mean one thing#(furious) flanders you ate my jerky
as the oak said to the beagle you are barkin' up the wrong tree i spent the whole morning blackin' out the "goshes" and "darns" in these hardy boys books#i know you ate my jerky (pulls him close) just like i ate your earthquake supplies
i know you ate my jerky (pulls him close) just like i ate your earthquake supplies#(grim pointing at ground) you stay right here
ext simpson house  night)#yeah that is it do not be shy
yeah that is it do not be shy#enjoy your jerky laced with sleeping pills (chuckles) nobody outwits homer simpson (chews) hey they are not sleepy (groggy) they are just turning fuzzy
(annoyed) homer you ate their jerky#i thought this might happen so i brought the best weapon to operate while drugged a crossbow
dad you never win a fight with animals remember when you lost that war with the worms ?#that wasn't a defeat it was a phased withdrawal
dad dad a little help ?#you are on your own
you are on your own#when you cut 'em they multiply  i can not fight that (grim) now let's take care of those raccoons
int raccoon hutch  continuous)#awww they are using the jerky to feed their family look there is a homer and a bart and a marge and a lisa (sees something touched gasp) aww and they even share my views on parenting
ext simpson house  back yard  another area  a little later)#enjoy your jerky little critters and one day you will grow up to be people (to bart) bart get some more jerky for man's new best friend
(possessed) i need firsthand smoke#(shocked) lisa
(shocked) lisa#gimme that
gimme that#i can not believe how easy it is in this country to get cigarettes
int simpson car  a few minutes later)#i can not believe you were smoking do you know the sturgeon general said you are not supposed to ?
a sturgeon is a fish#and a very wise fish he is
ext simpson house  day)#marge i am taking lisa out of that stupid (reacts) what the ?
oh homie i have been so happy lately i am completely fulfilled both as a mother and a fan of youth ballet (beat) now what did you want to say to me ?#uh are you sure you want lisa to keep dancing ?
there is nothing that makes a mother's heart soar more than seeing her child take wing look at me i am glowing#maybe you are drunk
(smiling) homie lisa's dancing has made me really really happy#(sighs) okay
(sighs) okay#(moans) fatherhood hurts my brain
int bart's bedroom  continuous)#because it means so much to your mother you can keep doing ballet but you have to stop smoking  including secondhand
that is easy for you to say you have never had to be thin and focused#what'd you say ?
i am just saying it is gonna be hard for me to quit especially before the recital#i thought you might have trouble with this that is why i am assigning someone to keep watch over you someone you would never expect
is it bart ?#(annoyed grunt) come on out boy
int simpson house  kitchen  simultaneous)#y'ello she what ? oh my god well i am gonna settle this once and for all (eyes darting) meet me at the place we discussed (hangs up)
who was that ?#wrong number
five minutes ladies#okay bart it is time for operation crazyplan step one we chuck the raccoon in there
what if someone catches him ?#do not worry i have a perfect way to conceal his identity
do not worry i have a perfect way to conceal his identity#see ? now go boy
see ? now go boy#not keys cigarettes
not keys cigarettes#yeah that is what i mean
for three boxes ?#heehee okay now we get rid of the cigarettes
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#this is my favorite family tradition  ice cream after a botched recital
does that mean i can stop training to be a mexican wrestler ?#no
no#now practice preening to the crowd el guapo
now practice preening to the crowd el guapo#come on preen harder make them hate you you feed on their hatred and you are so hungry
int homer's car  continuous)#dad are you sure you are okay to drive at night ?
it is night ?#all right that is it pull over
(punching radio buttons) too slow too fast no zazz too much zazz more boogie less woogie my back hurts all my friends are dead#(screams)
thanks#(relieved noise)
int homer's car  driving  day)#(waking up noise realizing moan) i was having the most wonderful dream (wistful) i always wake up just before the good part
(pointing ahead) you can just drop me off here#(kindly) i will see you later honey
order order#(humble) homer simpson i know a lot of you from church and the market and such (sincere) and i am not much for talkin'  but seems to me in hard times like these that we americans come together
(agreeing supportive applause)#so i say we roll up our sleeves and fake a disaster to trick the federal government out of relief money
(remembering) oh right dad was colonel homer and he wore that awesome suit and lurleen wanted to bunk his brains out (scratching chin) but i forget how mom felt about it#kids marriage is like a car along the way it has its bumps and dings and this country can not make one that lasts more than five years with lurleen i just walked past the showroom and did not even go inside now let's return to watching the news
ms lumpkin owed fifty thousand dollars in back taxes with penalties interest and the celebrity resentment tax that sum has grown to twelve million dollars however she is been missing for several years since her career went into a downward spiral#i told her not to go into one of those
(rising from backseat) hey homer#(screams)
shh i am more wanted than the last petal on a bloomin' onion#do not worry you can stay with us i am sure marge will be cool
(muffled incomprehensible cartoon yelling)#(muffled incomprehensible cartoon explaining cut off by)
listen i am sorry i called you all those mean things like oh i do not even remember#confederate degenerate ?
(shakes head) sadly no most of my money went to my exhusbands#boy you sure have married a lot of superhunks
so that is it she is been burned by the most important man in her life her father#how could a man just abandon his family ? by which i mean what is the method he would use and could anyone do it ? (nervous laugh)
how could a man just abandon his family ? by which i mean what is the method he would use and could anyone do it ? (nervous laugh)#where you going ?
(ecstatic) i made that hug happen#wait a minute  he is a deadbeat dad and yet he is getting as much love as me a dad too lazy to run away
wait a minute  he is a deadbeat dad and yet he is getting as much love as me a dad too lazy to run away#and he has hair (moans then sadly) bart get me my suicide axe
no suicide axe#(sad moan)
(sad moan)#(to bart sotto) later
aww well you do not need a tshirt for that tootsie pop 'cause i ain't ever gonna leave you again#just sit still in my lap
yeah all i see is a gut with knees#why you little
why you little#(furious) get back here so we can put our love on a shirt
(huge laughs)#(oblivious) what ?
all right i get it i get it#lurleen's daddy comes back after thirty years and he is father of the year why can not i leave for thirty years ?
fine with me look i packed you a bag#well it might be cold outside
no problem i bought you a hat#(puts on hat) oh i see it is reverse psychology well in that case i am not going and i am not staying and i will cut my steak with a spoon then take a walk on the ceiling
(sings) and here comes grampa with an otter#song's over dad
(sotto to rest of family) i am really worried about lurleen#yeah me too since her father reabandoned her she is cut the word "pop" out of all of our foods
uh yeah#(whiny) marge my fringes are knotted again
by the way i am mary#and remember you can do anything you want in the world of country music western wear merchandising and tv movies regular movies do not hold your breath but tv movies the sky's the limit
colonel you are still my knight in white polyester#ten percent lycra
babe i need a hundred bucks for beer#(impressed) ooo i think he is a keeper
(impressed) so dean martin would show up at the last minute and do everything in just one take ?#that is right
but wikipedia said he was passionate about rehearsal#do not you worry about wikipedia  we will change it when we get home (grim) we will change a lot of things
martin ? (calls out window not shouting) what is a tool like you doing on something cool like that ?#(to martin) yeah what is the deal loser ?
(to homer) can i join dad ? (quickly) can i ? can i ? can i ?#son a lot of these youth organizations encourage parents to get involved in the activities
not this one#sold
sold#see ya
oh man#son let this be a lesson never work hard and do not form emotional attachments also do not be a cow
i will get your fabrics#and i will make sure flanders does not bother us
ow what was that for ?#bart's in trouble and we do not need your stupid comments
int transport vehicle  continuous)#okay they bought it
int cow suit  continuous)#have you got lou in your car ?
int feedlot truck  continuous)#you guys come and get me as soon as they dump me back in the feedlot
int vehicle  homer's pov  continuous)#(confused noise)
(confused noise)#(excited) ooh laughter house with the world in the shape it is in we could all use some comedy
int cow suit  continuous)#ready for pick up (very distressed) ready for pick up
int slaughterhouse  meanwhile)#i am a human being  let me go
i am a human being  let me go#(anguished noises)
you are now entering the killing floor#hmm that sounds like tress macneille
hmm that sounds like tress macneille#(frightened screams)
(frightened screams)#marge kids the things i saw it makes me never wanna eat meat again
marge kids the things i saw it makes me never wanna eat meat again#just fish chicken burgers veal on fridays deer but only in season and if necessary the sweetest meat of all human
(yawns) why do we have to get here so early ? the football game does not start for hours#(happy chuckle) we are not here for the game the game is nothing the game is crap (getting angry) the game makes me sick
(happy chuckle) we are not here for the game the game is nothing the game is crap (getting angry) the game makes me sick#the real reason we americans put up with sports is for this
ext springfield stadium  parking lot  continuous)#behold the tailgate party  the pinnacle of human achievement
behold the tailgate party  the pinnacle of human achievement#(lofty) since the dawn of parking lots man has sought to stuff his guts with food and alcohol in anticipation of watching others exercise what childbirth is to women eating trunk meats is to the bewanged
(lofty) since the dawn of parking lots man has sought to stuff his guts with food and alcohol in anticipation of watching others exercise what childbirth is to women eating trunk meats is to the bewanged#(dreamy sigh to kids) what could be greater than eating and drinking for hours in a drizzly parking lot ?
ext simpson car  elsewhere)#all right time to dig in i brought everything we need
it is just forks and plates did not we bring any food ?#the food is all around us
you brought us here to beg ?#upbupbupbupbup when you know the people you are begging from it is mooching
upbupbupbupbup when you know the people you are begging from it is mooching#(overjoyed) moleman come here ya big baga skin how the hell are ya huh ?
(muffled noises)#(oblivious) yeah ? no kidding ? well that sounds like you are gonna have fun
no us#can i be smithers ?
no dad i want you to play homer simpson#(hurt) why 'cause i am fat ?
okay everyone  just be yourself do not look in the camera pretend i am not here and (sighs pointedly) no toupees#(defensive) what i am going for a shia labeouf thing not quite a nerd not quite a hunk shia labeouf
and let's roll#uhoh there is already an onset romance
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#(amused chuckle) stupid charities they think i am gonna give them money ? (sarcastic laugh) save the children ? save your breath (flings letter) take a hike sierra club (flings letter) doctors without borders ? doctors without money (flings letter) hey greenpeace you are not getting' a piece of my green (flings letter) robert redford ? guess what  a scissor runs through it
(gasp) my movie got in i am going to the sundance film festival#"film festival" eh ?
(mexican accent scared) with director's commentary and deleted scenes#(chuckles)
(chuckles)#where'd everybody go ?
i can not believe i am a director with a movie at sundance#maybe i can finally meet jim jarmusch and ask him who he is (sees something) hey that is him
maybe i can finally meet jim jarmusch and ask him who he is (sees something) hey that is him#who are you ?
i try to answer that question in my films#what else ?
i can eat a raw onion without crying#prove it hollywood
prove it hollywood#hey you are crying
yeah but i am crying about something else#what ?
this is the last time we will ever be together#(touched noise)
(very excited) this is it my premiere#we can not wait to see it sweetie
we can not wait to see it sweetie#(moans) a documentary ?
i am lisa simpson and this is my family#(moving piece) one two three another chute ? (anguished roar)
(moving piece) one two three another chute ? (anguished roar)#why does not life give me ladders ?
they are like the family from hell on acid that is on steroids#you stupid kid what if i walked in here barefoot ?
you did dad#(screams)
oh i was just trying to accurately portray my unique and quirky home life#quirky ? quirky is a grandma who gives people the finger you made us look like monsters
"lisa simpson's unflinching darkly comic family portrait is the can notmiss hit of the festival landspeeder do not bantha to your nearest cinema to see lisa simpson stab her family in the back with her camera"#do not you dare post that review
i am sorry you are too late i have just hit enter sending the wifi beams along their way#not if i can help it c'mere beams come on hey hey where you going ? oh there is too many
let me get a picture of you strangling my kid#(annoyed) no
hey we pay your salary#(sad sigh) i never wanted to be famous for being mean i wanted to be famous for catching santa claus
thank god they are not jeering at us anymore#i know (then) kinda miss it
leadbased toys leadbased toys#sit on a bench sit on a bench
wow  this guy could put milhouse out of business#(hums then) well this is kind of a cute outfit
(bart's voice) homer is a lard butt#(insulted to hippo) what did you say ?
(bart's voice) homer has booger breath#(insulted) it is a medical condition
(bart's voice) homer is a big jerk#(hurt) who told you these things about me ?
(bart's voice overlapping) dung muncher / stink brains / cheese wang / captain crud#i do not want to get mad but i will
(bart's voice sings) yo we are rockin' out balls / (yells out) tub of tard / crapper clogger / fattywatty#that is it
uh mom ? we have got a code four#it did not have to go down like this
(small gasp) the door's open i think someone broke in#do not worry  i am ready for this bart fetch "the defender"
(loud whisper) i hear noises coming from the kitchen#that is where the food sleeps
that is where the food sleeps#(growing puzzlement) wait a minute i smell apples cinnamon (gasps) crust it is a pie
(growing puzzlement) wait a minute i smell apples cinnamon (gasps) crust it is a pie#why would a robber make pie ?
who cares ? if you kill him we will be on tv#you are right boy
you are right boy#mom
(sweetly) hello homer#you are alive and you baked a pie
homie what is going on ?#i am fighting the robber  you go get ice cream
i am fighting the robber  you go get ice cream#mom i can not believe you are here you keep disappearing and reappearing and it is not funny you are just like that show "scrubs"
homer i am sorry i had to pretend to be dead but it worked because the government is not looking for me anymore i can finally stop running and be your mom#(stiffly) no thanks
(startled) what do you mean ?#every time you go i feel abandoned but not this time i am not gonna let myself get hurt
homer i am through protesting and chaining myself to things i have realized that the most important thing in my life is you#that is what your mouth says but my ears are too smart to believe it in fact i do not even want your pie
you already ate the whole thing#well i am not going to digest it
(disappointed moan)#you left a hole in my heart that could never be filled so i filled it with food (dramatic) but i am never full
anyway the right guard keeping cool under pressure award goes to#(sad) oh i do not even care
(sticking head in) homer are you okay ?#(pouty) i am fine  it is my feelings that are mad
sweetheart when i left you it was because i thought i could make the world a little bit better maybe all i did was make my own world a lot worse i only hope you can forgive me#no i can not forgive you  and i do not accept your tuckin
(hurt) i understand  these things take time goodnight#(moans) i feel terrible my own mother reached out to me and i rejected her i am gonna make her a card
(moans) i feel terrible my own mother reached out to me and i rejected her i am gonna make her a card#mom ?
mom ?#(steps closer) are you asleep ? (walks around so he is facing her)
(steps closer) are you asleep ? (walks around so he is facing her)#asleep with your eyes open ? (touches her shoulder worried) mom ?
asleep with your eyes open ? (touches her shoulder worried) mom ?#(sad realizing) mom
ext springfield funeral home  day  establishing)#(sad) my mother's dead (sniffles)
i am still with you son#oh this just gets worse and worse (sobs)
come on homie  your mom would not have wanted you to stay in bed forever#i will tell you what she did not want  me to be a jerk to her and then she dies (small sob)
okay comforting comforting (genuine) uh dad whenever i would hang out with grandma she would always ask me about you and i'd say you suck and she would say you do not suck that bad#(touched) she said i did not suck ?
(kindly) that bad#(wiping away tear) that bad wow
sorry about your ma homer#i just wish she hadn't died thinking i hated her
int kwikemart  day)#apu what do you think happens after you die ?
(upbeat confirming) yes i will#i mean do you think my mother's out there somewhere ? does she know i feel bad about things i said ?
look homer people do not come back as anything  except for our lord who came back as bread that is it#(resigned) that is it (sad sigh)
homer look what i found with your mother's things#(gasp) a donut from the future
and lastly for homer i leave you something very special#woo hoo
a difficult task#(annoyed grunt)
at exactly three o'clock release my ashes (sincere) i love you homer and now because they are your favorite please enjoy some animal bloopers#(touched) aw ma you always knew just how to make everything all right
(touched) aw ma you always knew just how to make everything all right#(chuckles) it works on so many levels
ext springfield monument park  parking lot  day scene 7)#i have gotta get out of here
i have gotta get out of here#(still thinking) no
(still thinking) no#(to family) okay this is it i have got one last chance to make up for the things i said to my mom (to urn) i will avenge you
it is not really avenging her dad just the fulfillment of her last wish#(sweetly) i am really glad you corrected me lisa people are always really glad when they are corrected
ext higher up on mesa  later)#this is hard work (takes breath) is not it boy ? (looks around) boy ?
(calling out) hey homer your butt still looks big from down here#(in distance echoey) why you little
you know spiritually speaking grandma's ashes will not know where they have been thrown from so in a way uh i am lying down now#(dramatic) i always knew that at the end it would all come down to me
excuse me i think i am holding up better than you are in fact i have got energy to spare#(intrigued) to spare eh ?
ext further up mesa  later)#marge your back is so sweaty i am starting to slip off
(very annoyed murmur)#(gasp) that is the highest point (looks at watch) and only fifteen minutes to go
ext butte  a little later)#(puzzled noise)
(puzzled noise)#(annoyed grunt)
ext top of butte  moments later)#made it
made it#(to urn) mom we did not know each other very well if we did you never would have asked me to climb anything but even when you weren't around i always felt good knowing you were out there somewhere
(to urn) mom we did not know each other very well if we did you never would have asked me to climb anything but even when you weren't around i always felt good knowing you were out there somewhere#three o'clock (then to urn) goodbye mom you are finally free (soft sobs)
three o'clock (then to urn) goodbye mom you are finally free (soft sobs)#(puzzled noise)
guidance system destroyed launch aborted#(figuring it out) wait a minute mom's ashes stopped that missile launch (growing angry to heavens) mom you used me to pull one more stupid hippie protest did not you ?
judging from the wind direction distance time of day the ashes must have come from (sees homer points) him#hm what could i make from those two things ?
hm what could i make from those two things ?#i am safe as long as nothing disturbs this incredibly delicate balance
i am safe as long as nothing disturbs this incredibly delicate balance#(giggles) wheee
(calling up) you are not supposed to like it#(calling down) show me the law that says i can not wheee
are you hurt ?#i do not think so
here's your mother#you can have her to me she is been nothing but trouble
hey i have seen your wife she is no mamie van doren#just what are you guys up to ?
i suppose there is no harm in telling you i am using the rocket to dispose of springfield's nuclear waste  by sending it straight to the heart of the amazon rainforest#the rainforest ? that is that thing lisa likes
well maybe she will like it better filled with dying trees and mutated animals#you monster (friendly) on another subject next thursday i have to leave work early i assume that is cool
excellent#mom i am so sorry you just wanted to stop one more senseless act of madness in the world well if i get out of this i promise you i will grant your last wish
here's gramma's knife#(happily) toss it down
(happily) toss it down#thanks boy
int mountain base  later)#how am i ever gonna take on all those guys ?
that is already a thing  thimbles right ? (chuckles)#god bless america
fine#(affectionately to defender) that'll do brick that'll do
homie ?#now i will just add water to these ashes and bring my mother back to life
but she will live on forever in what you did today#well then mom this was for you
thank you thank you wow four thousand episodes  seems like just yesterday krusty stole his first joke from me (laughs) seriously though i remember watching him as a kid and i thought "i could do that  and i am a kid" what i love about krusty is he is always on but to find out what you have gotta test his pee#pee ? (laughs)
krusty klovnen baby visker ?#bart's having girl trouble you better go talk to him
it is clown trouble that is your responsibility#i thought i was in charge of bedtime stories and pets dying
yeah well we are adding clowns#fine  but you just bought yourself "ear piercing" and "strange new feelings"
i do not know why i agreed to this#son the healthy thing is to get rid of everything that reminds you of krustywhich appears to be everything (gets idea) hey maybe we should give lisa this room (upbeat bragging) you know she works for krusty now
wait wait wait i will start you off with this bicentennial quarterand i will throw in my man scrunchie#uh we will stick with the coins
all right time to fill these slots with coins (opens book) specific coins ? (moans) this hobby sucks#(entering sweetly) son all hobbies suck but if you keep at it you might find at the end that you have managed to kill some precious time
wow i never thought of it like that#(excited) do you wanna collect coins with your old man ?
you bet i do#to your mother's purse
(excited) slide in the eighteen sixtythree confederate halfdime and every slot is full#this is the first book i have ever finished reading or pushing things into
this is the first book i have ever finished reading or pushing things into#(surprised noise) we missed one
"was mistakenly minted in december of 1917 when a brief glimpse of a woman's ankle caused three days of rioting at the philadelphia mint"#the one on the left looks into it but the one on the right is just experimenting (determined) son we are getting that coin
(rejecting pennies) nope nope dime button pepperoni slice#wait
wait#this is a classic nineteen seventyeight pizza hut (eats it) mmm terrible
(sorting pennies growing more and more exhausted) nope nope nope#son coin collecting's a lot like life it stopped being fun a long time ago but unlike life i have a solution for this
our last item up for bid is a mintcondition 1917 "kissing lincoln" penny#(to bart) okay boy this is it (calls) five dollars
five hundred#five dollars (eyeing all) cash
(worried) dad ?#five hundred and one
ten million#(stands up to auctioneer) objection your honor
(to penny inhales) mmm i paid a pretty penny for this pretty penny but it was worth it#mr burns my son and i have been collecting coins it is really brought us closer together that penny you bought tonight would mean the world to him
yes but the problem is if you had it i would not you see the difficulty#(sad noise) yeah i will tell you what at least help me buy the boy a gumball do you have change for a nickel ?
int simpson house  bart's room  day)#aaaaannnnnd done
now let's put it on a shelf and never look at it again#you got it boy
i already do not (calls offscreen) homer i have got great news#i will use my one phone call to find out all about it
homer simpson ? you are a repeat offender#threepeat
bail is set at twentyfive thousand dollars#(snorts) i make that in a year
okay simpson all your information checks out i called your boss to verify your employment and he says you are fired for getting arrested (chuckles) you would be amazed how often that happens#(depressed moan)
we will put up your bail money just pay us ten per cent and show up for your court date#(sly) and if i do not show up ?
well time to go back to my world of sleazy bars tattoo parlors and greasy spoons#what a great job and i could use a job right now
whoa not just anyone can be a bounty hunter you have to pass an online exam  no wait they got rid of that there is a tendollar filing fee but you can get around it congratulations you are now a bounty hunter (shakes homer's hand)#(pleased noise)
ext springfield street  day)#(to self) okay i have set my trap now to scatter my cheese cubes and the rats will come (calling out) condos affordable condos bailjumpers welcome
ext sidewalk  continuous)#(noticing noise)
so wait  are we telling people now ?#stop  in the name of a private citizen with no connection to the law
int alley  continuous)#now are you gonna come quietly or do i have to
now are you gonna come quietly or do i have to#(scared noise) now let's think about this if you shoot me i will not be able to stop you and you will be free to go but someone may come after you probably not given your reputation for shooting people who come after you what i am trying to say is not shooting me now would be the biggest mistake of your life
(scared noise) now let's think about this if you shoot me i will not be able to stop you and you will be free to go but someone may come after you probably not given your reputation for shooting people who come after you what i am trying to say is not shooting me now would be the biggest mistake of your life#(scream)
(scream)#(surprised noise)
bulletproof glass#flanders
(touched) maybe you are right maybe i should (anguished suffocating noise)#this case is "in the bag"
homer you could've killed him#(complimenting) i sure could've thanks to you
now i can clearly see potential customers walk right past my store (waves to passersby) enjoy your shopping elsewhere#hey ned
hey ned#i brought you something
i brought you something#he hands a greeting card to ned
he hands a greeting card to ned#angle on greeting card
what the ?#it is your share of the money for bringing in that bail jumper
it is your share of the money for bringing in that bail jumper#ned i never thought i'd say this but we make a great team
us a team ? as the salad said to the soup "i am all mixed up"#(sad moan)
(sad moan)#we should be bounty hunters together you are kind and smart i am cruel and strong together we are nothing but together we are the perfect bounty hunter
well i could use money but you have to promise me something homer#sure what is it ?
we have to do everything by the book#and you have to promise no diddilies or doodilies
my friend you have a dealarooney#(annoyed grunt)
ext homer and ned's office  the next day  establishing)#this taser is awesome finally a practical use for electricity
did you just taser my coffee ?#just warming it up now to melt the cheese in this croissantand get rid of a little excess earwaxand smoke a relaxing cigar
homer can we take it easy on the taser ?#no problem
(excited gasp) our first bail jumper#let's roll
let's roll#(anguished noise)
(anguished noise)#(anguished noise)
homer take the taser out of your pants#no it looks cool
int simpson house  dining room  day)#daddy's home i brought you kids some stuff from work
daddy's home i brought you kids some stuff from work#here you go son shell casings
whoa there is still bullets in some of these#(firmly) point them away from your sisters when you hammer them
what'd you get for me ?#something for the sweetest little scientist in the world a new chemistry set
(unsure) dad is this from a meth lab ?#(proudly) the biggest one in town
this is evidence#evidence that i love my little girl
evidence that i love my little girl#marge i brought you some flowers a full dozen this time no tricks
a sterling silver picture frame  with pictures of our kids in it#yes for now (kisses her) i guess things are workin' out pretty good at your bakery job maybe we could order one of your cakes for lisa's birthday
how dare you ?#(sad) what'd you do that for ?
(covering) sorry sorry muscle spasm (nervous chuckle then slaps herself)#(mostly mollified) i am not convinced
(mostly mollified) i am not convinced#still on the fence
still on the fence#now i believe you
int homer's car  wintry day)#he will be here sooner or later
he will be here sooner or later#(hums then) so how 'bout a little stakeout music ?
homer i do not think we have the same musical tastes#well i like acdc
adbc (starts singing "dirty deeds") kindly deeds / done for free / kindly deeds#(sings) done for free
hm i have never seen anyone eat pizza like that#oh you have gotta try it this way the pepperonis stay intact till they reach your stomach then bam
(frustrated) man that is harder to swallow than evolution#(kindly) you have got to roll it from the point here let me show you
(nodding) not bad#now let it unfurl in your stomach
(noise of pleasure)#(seeing something) there he is
oh kitten whiskers#there is one thing he did not count on my reckless indifference to human life
homer you can not drive a car onto a subway you need a special sticker just to bring a bike have you no respect for the law ?#(dismissive) hey it worked did not it ? (to fat tony) okay smart guy you are going in the bag
(gasping noises)#oh wait i left a sandwich in there
homer no you promised everything was supposed to be by the book#you know what your problem is ? you have not become as bad as the people we chase
this partnership is over#i will tell you what is over this partnership
you know if you take your foot off the accelerator going downhill you would not use so much gas#i can not take another word out of you
ext simpson house  evening  establishing)#i can not believe flanders dumped me marge do we have any more of your extralong twinkies ?
(horrified) oh no those were for mr smithers' commitment ceremony#marge what is going on ?
i am an erotic baker#(shocked gasp)
i hid it all in the one place you would never look#marge i can see you withholding sex or withholding cake but withholding sexy cake ? i know we have to move past this but i do not see how
(flirty) homie what do you say we go to bed ? you me and the cake ?#(flirty) first why do not you and i and the cake take a shower ?
ext simpson house  afternoon)#hello hello ? anybody home ? hello ?
you jumped bail homer i gotta bring you in#what have you done to my family ?
i figured a good time to pick you up was when they were at lisa's recital#and how did you know i would not be there ?
(heavy sarcasm) lucky guess#well you will never take me alive
well you will never take me alive#forgot my keys
ext springfield  various places  afternoon)#i loved you man
for the last few weeks but most of the time i have known you you have treated me like dirt#you hang onto resentment like a confederate widow
i forgave you for accidentally killing my wife#yeah but you hold onto the big things the point is the more i got to know you the more i got to like you
i like you too but you broke the law so i have got to bring you in#so it is gonna be like that eh ?
so it is gonna be like that eh ?#i have got you my friend
thanks but what are you holding on to ?#well i am (screams)
well i am (screams)#phew now all we have to do is get out before the concrete hardens
phew now all we have to do is get out before the concrete hardens#aw dammit
simpson we are gonna put you away for a long long time#make it life and you have got a deal
do not feel too bad homie you will be free tomorrow and i used all my new baking skills to make a special cake to remind you of me#(as if turned on) oh baby
(as if turned on) oh baby#(sweetly) thanks marge
bonehead#huh ?
huh ?#(doppler) this counts as a parentteacher conference
(pleased gasp) lady you are the best mom ever#(grimly) did he take the bait ?
(gasp) bullies#hey he went into a construction site
int simpson house  laundry room  day)#(suspicious) bart just keeps spinning around and around and around what is his angle ?
what are you two doing in the laundry room ?#(lying) we are doing laundry
(dryly skeptical) dad do laundry#(nervous chuckle) no problem
(worried) look at bart go (gasps) he must be running away#eh he will not get far not on the crappy breakfast i made for him
(puzzled) he is circling the shelbyville bird sanctuary#(chuckles) our little boy has lost his mind (grimly) let's get him
computer) pull over  bart's in this field#(fake sweet enticing) bart where are you boy ? do not worry i will not strangle you
(weary) are we ever going to find him ?#absolutely  that unpleasantness in ecuador is behind us my coca leaf addiction is under control (pops a leaf into his mouth and chews it) and bart is finally trapped in that paradise above the clouds
(exhausted) bart where are you bart ?#(seeing something) is that him ? no it is just a bush clearly the work of wirakocha the trickster god
so i can not always be there for bart he is got to learn to take care of himself#the computer says bart's standing on the computer all i see is a stupid bird with a tracking chip on its leg it does not add up
where is maggie ?#oh uh she is uh
ext kwikemart  day  establishing)#(checks list) stupid shopping list turning food into work (notices) bart
look at me i am doin' something#(angry noise calling to bart on top of shelf) you better settle down boy or i will drag you into the blind spot of that security camera
(angry noise calling to bart on top of shelf) you better settle down boy or i will drag you into the blind spot of that security camera#(angry) and beat you with one of those big thick women's magazines with all the ads in it
mr homer why do not you forget your worries with this  the last lottery ticket on the roll (enticing) they say the last one is lucky (under breath) unlike all the others (waving ticket) lucky or not#(stroking chin) hmmm you make a good case i will take it
cannonball#(annoyed grunt)
i will take that last lottery ticket apu#(annoyed grunt)
i won i won#(surprised noise)
that is true another ironic "tale of the kwikemart" (evil laugh)#(to bart exploding) you just cost me two hundred thousand dollars
(meekly) i thought it was fifty#i was gonna bet it on the dogs
hmmm all the groceries seem to have been balled up in anger#that kid has become a dennislevel menace
now homer boys will be boys#bart cost us fifty thousand dollars
(puzzled noise)#(sadly) i am going to moe's
(chanting) lenny lenny he is our guy / got the ticket homer did not buy#(depressed sigh)
oh cheer up homer the drinks are on lenny#(sad) i do not want your pity booze i will pay for it myself
(angry) dang that bart thanks to him i have to wear my backup dress which makes my arms look fat#oh you look great
(annoyed murmur) why can not our son just behave ?#(accusatory) well marge you did have that one sip of alcohol while you were pregnant
they are not boogers they are clumps of rubber cement (beat) that i stored in my nose#(angry) stop it both of you do not make me drive into that tree you know i will
(to homer) thank you for being a friend#(tearing up) lenny it was pretty cool of you to spend your lotto winnings on your pals
(not sure) hm i do not know i am pretty attached to my family and#get out here boy i wanna punish you before i get drunk and merciful
int limousine  night  moments later)#you ruin everything / (strangling noises)
maybe i am just not hungry#human garbage can to the rescue
human garbage can to the rescue#(eating) so at work today we got a memo saying everyone's getting new chairs
(covering his face) father could you#(eating) talk louder ? you bet naturally i threw my old chair in the dumpster right away but then lenny said "no that was the new chair that memo was two months old" so now i am sitting on an orange crate i never felt so
(exploding) please stop spitting food on me#huh ?
keep your food in your mouth you semiliterate spewmonkey#that is it boy (points upstairs) you are going to bed without supper
maybe he is going through (delicate) certain changes#if that boy thinks i am paying to put him through four years of puberty forget it (mutters to himself) stupid kids think i am made of hormones
int simpson house  bart's room  night)#(angry) give me back my newspaper
homer it is not a real paper  it is a rubber chew toy#for your information the "daily growl" is the only newspaper that is not afraid to say how great this country is
for your information the "daily growl" is the only newspaper that is not afraid to say how great this country is#how is the war going ? (squeaks) we are winning that is great and our standing abroad ? (squeaks) fantastic
(very worried murmur) i do not like the look of those air quotes#all around the something world
so now bart is on his way to aspen where they are going to try to kill him#thank you future bart for traveling back through time to warn us
(gasps pointing downward) there is bart#(heroic) this looks like a job for captain crazy up up and away
(heroic) this looks like a job for captain crazy up up and away#aw come on gravity you used to be cool
aw come on gravity you used to be cool#occupied
occupied#(faint but growing rolling noises)
(screams)#(to attendant woozy) two hot chocolates please
are you guests at the lodge ?#(sad) no
ext aspen  day)#y'know i feel sorry for you kid going back to that cold loveless family
your favorite sir hot fudge sundae with gold leaf and diamond flakes#take me with you
take me with you#i will be anything and everything you want do not leave me here with them
i will tell you where i was  i was out eatingi think i had kung powand i ended up on the#(laughs)
i can not listen to this anymore#nobody shuts out my blather
nobody shuts out my blather#(worried noise)
aw young love#(chuckles warmly) were we ever that stupid ?
ext picturesque roadside  20 years ago  day (teenage marge and homer))#marge i thought of a new thing  it is called "biking out" it is a combination of biking and making out
(dubious) i do not know#c'mon all the teens on bikes are doin' it
as the elephant said to the peanut vendor toss those in my trunk#(loud whisper) marge i love this guy
(offered hand) put 'er there muddy buddy#he rhymes oh happy day
really ? not married ? and you were bicycling two abreast ?#i wish  we were bicycling to a lake
(upbeat) since two this afternoon welcome to our honeymoon#marge bouvier will you not marry me ?
homer simpson i would be delighted not to marry you#then i now pronounce us "just dating"
then i now pronounce us "just dating"#(to marge affectionate) i love kissing you i never want to knock it off
int homer's car  day (present day))#knock it off
knock it off#how dare you expose my children to your tender feelings bart do not you dare take your eyes off that gameboy
i am cuckoo for killing stuff#videogames  the reason this generation of americans is the best ever
i can not believe homer ruined another family picnic#(defensive) hey everybody pees in the pool
your neck looks like a sideways ass#that is it
that is it#eat gravel hags
gonna do the limbo rock#i have the situation under control the compass needle is pointing east
that is the fuel gauge#uhoh
ext road  day)#how many times do i have to say i am sorry ?
you have not said you are sorry#i know  i was hoping the number might be zero
and feel free to stay we just put out the cheese  we have cubes of yellow cubes of orange and cubes of orange and yellow#(pointedly to marge) a really fun party ? full of colored cheeses and awesome stuff to do ? does not seem like your kind of thing marge
(rolling eyes) we will stay for one hand roll or two nigiri  then we have to get back to the kids#eh let my dad enjoy 'em a little longer
oh for me ?#(mildly indignant) no get two of your own
that is strong  are you trying to get me drunk ?#no i am trying to get me drunk
(laughs then looks into his eyes) you know my horoscope said i'd meet the man of my dreams tonight#(friendly) well a horoscope would never lie to a pretty girl like you
you are adorable are you alone ?#no i am talking to you at this great party
well then would you like to limbo ?#limbo ? you mean the dance or that place where unbaptized babies go ? either way i am in
(sings) every limbo boy and girl#(to kids) or you
(to kids) or you#something something limbo something
that is how low you can go#(noise of pain)
why are you dancing with that strange woman ?#she is not strange she is fun and she does not get jealous when i talk to other women
(whispers to homer) how about a sushi fight ?#sushi fight
sushi fight#(happily) these fish died for nothing
thanks for the lift#what a cute couple (as he drives off loud whisper to marge) she is gonna take him for a lot of money
int simpson car  day)#here we are
a log cabin ? what am i davy crockett ? also who is davy crockett ?#kids this place has very special memories for your mother and me
(singsong) they are worse than walking#(singsong) i will put a hundred bucks in your college fund
(singsong) i will take ten bucks noow#(singsong) i will steal it back when you are sleeping
well when the sun goes down it means god's gone to china to watch over those good folks time for some shuteye#(chuckles) why flanders you rogue
(chuckles) why flanders you rogue#all marge and i need are a queensized bed and a kingsized "do not disturb" sign
all marge and i need are a queensized bed and a kingsized "do not disturb" sign#(bob hope growl)
sorry homer i am afraid it is separate accommodations for you notlyweds#what ? but i have urges
(sotto) that is just your trouser devil talking#(sotto) he is not talking he is yelling
aw maude your dead grandmother's pajamas you know what that does to me#(to self) i never thought i'd say this but stupid flanders
ext party  continuous)#(devastated) marge ?
you do not need her baby sylvia's got everything you want#do you have a pineapple pizza ?
pineapple and pepperoni#(gulps) this is all going so fast
eheheh first we make love then we decide if it was a good idea that is the european way#(tipsy) i came here once with marge are you marge sylvia ?
(sweetly) homer i can be whoever you want me to be#(small and sad) i want you to be marge
(small and sad) i want you to be marge#marge ?
marge ?#marge ? is that you ?
why do married women always have husbands ?#marge what are you doing here ?
uh the same thing you are doing here#(angry) you better not be (catching himself) i mean great we both came to rekindle our precious memories of when we were young and in love right ?
we sure did (looks around room as if checking things off) rekindle rekindle okay let's go#oh oh oh i have a better idea  let's spend the night together right here
fine but i do not want to sleep in the same room with that chest#(bitterly) i feel the same way about that lamp
okay but first the chest#okay
homie what is taking so long ?#(quickly) listen you are a classy lady and a great sushi fighter but you are goin' in the box
homie ?#coming marge
coming marge#(grunts as he carries cinderblock)
int kozy kabins  continuous)#now let's spend the rest of the night making sweet sweet
now let's spend the rest of the night making sweet sweet#kids ?
and we will stay up forever#(to marge flirty) that takes care of those three  want to go for a lakeside snuggle ?
(naughty) homer simpson you devil#well that takes care of those three  want to go play some lakeside boggle ?
(naughty) homer simpson you devil (chuckles) but i think we should unpack first#(confident dad) hmm all right the trick is to ease them off (pained noise)
(confident dad) hmm all right the trick is to ease them off (pained noise)#(noises over preceding)
(noises over preceding)#(grunts of exertion)
ah ruthie this "dump" is where your mother and i met it was a tale of betrayal redemption and a lovely continental breakfast#(pained exasperated noises)
(panicky) homer those are our wedding bungees#(woozy noise)
and marjorie if you had completed your seduction of me i never would've met sylvia#(gasp)
i can not believe one of the most beautiful moments in our marriage is based on lies#you are just as bad as me and you used to be better so that makes you worse (brokenhearted) i do not think we can ever trust each other again
you are just as bad as me and you used to be better so that makes you worse (brokenhearted) i do not think we can ever trust each other again#(haughty) ruthie kick me away from this nightmare
(shrugs) okay#(calling back doppler) i wish i'd never met you
so i am sure you missed marge last night#yeah i missed her like five times
what a charming single entendre now look i know marriage is scary but if you really think she is the one it gives you two a shot at forever#forever ? that would be awesome
okay here she comes why do not you take marge for a walk open your heart and see what pours out ?#(wary) and i suppose you and maude will be coming along as well ?
(puzzled noise) she is not here ?#marge when i am with you i get that feeling like when i got that smart kid's report card by mistake for a minute i thought i had all a's and that my name was howard simberg
you make me feel that way too#i know we will get married someday and to prove it i will carve our names on this tree so all who are hopelessly lost in the woods can see it
i know we will get married someday and to prove it i will carve our names on this tree so all who are hopelessly lost in the woods can see it#(moans) i hate other people's love
ext woods near kozy kabins  day (present day))#so that wasn't marge's glider parked outside the motel five years ago i am getting out of this marriage while i am still young and handsome
so that wasn't marge's glider parked outside the motel five years ago i am getting out of this marriage while i am still young and handsome#"4 ever" (sad) i could not even keep a promise i made to a tree (gets an idea) maybe it is not too late maybe i can still save our love if i just show her that carving
what are you doing ?#saving our marriage (yanks more bark off)
do not be silly our marriage can weather any storm  just like this tree#(terrified noise)
(terrified noise)#help fat man hanging from a tree
take my hand#i do not want to let go of our special carving
(noises over preceding) / (scared dropping noise)#(sweetly) marge i do not want to die with us mad at each other
me neither homie#i know parts of our marriage are based on lies but so are a lot of good things religion american history
i know we had a fight we were both tempted we are human the important thing is we love each other#awww
(kiss ending in surprised noise)#now we wait for the river to freeze if my theory of global cooling is correct
hey you guys want a lift in my pedal boat ?#(exultant) she blew it again woohoo
knock it off back there#but we are married
okay but keep it pg#how about r ?
(grudging) pg13#woohoo adult situations
woohoo adult situations#(anguished noise)
(grumbling) lousy dog if you had your way i'd walk you every day#(excited gasp) lemonade
(excited gasp) lemonade#six cups please (smooth) and put it on my tab
six cups please (smooth) and put it on my tab#keep moving deadbeat  cash only
keep moving deadbeat  cash only#(bitter) fine lemonade's for babies anyway i am going to moe's for beer have fun drinking your lemonade babies
(bitter) fine lemonade's for babies anyway i am going to moe's for beer have fun drinking your lemonade babies#lisa can daddy borrow your bike ?
i guess#(long frustrated moan)
ext moe's  a little later)#hey moe gimme a
any of you lugs wanna break up with my boyfriend for me ? i will buy you a beer#seymour edna asked me to talk to you
splendid shall we discuss music or the weather ?#no this is about you (gently) edna wants to break up
(small sad) she wants to break up ?#(sweet) yeah
with me ?#(sweet) yeah
(sweet) yeah#look at it this way you are a free man (bitter) unlike me you have all your hair (bitter) unlike me no kids tying you down or a crippling mortgage that you refinanced at twentysix percent because a dancing internet cowboy told you to (sobs) oh god i hate my life (sobs)
(encouraged) gee compared to you my life is one big halfday#(encouraging) exactly you are good looking have a decent job what lonely widow would not consider you an option ?
is lenny here ?#oh i am afraid lenny's dead
(quiet shock) what ? i just talked to him#and you will again because he is not really dead and now this next piece of news will not seem so bad
ext simpson house  early evening  establishing)#y'ello
homer ? it is your old roommate grady#the gay guy ?
int clamelot seafood  continuous)#uhhuh got it (hangs up then calls upstairs) marge i am going to a hardcore gay club and i will not be home till three in the morning
(screaming over the music) grady is breaking up with me ?#(screaming) you will always have a special place in his heart
(to homer) oh baby you are the breakup king you have made the seven minutes that i am gonna go without love so much more bearable#anyone else want me to get rid of that special someone ?
anyone else want me to get rid of that special someone ?#(directing them) okay everyone rotate one to your right
int nuclear power plant  day)#(into phone like spa receptionist) sweet conclusions breakup service (beat) oh yes we dispose of your loved one humanely  thanks to our patented tenderdump system (chuckle)
(into phone like spa receptionist) sweet conclusions breakup service (beat) oh yes we dispose of your loved one humanely  thanks to our patented tenderdump system (chuckle)#(into phone) i will be there in thirty minutes or your breakup is freeee
int simpson house  master bedroom  continuous)#marge if i had a hundred dollars for every customer i'd broken up i'd have exactly this amount 'cause that is what i charge (chuckles)
int bar  continuous)#(takes her hand) i know this is hard on you but in time you will come to see it is for the best
what would have happened if there was someone who could break us up every time i had my doubts about you ?#(terrified) who are you ?
(groggy) homie ?#marge i am getting' out of the breakup business and i do not know if i will ever sleep soundly again
ext springfield hyatt  day)#(semiimpressed) wow so this is what this is
(gawking around) cruciverbalists from far and wide have gathered here for a noholdsbarred test of skill#surely some holds are barred
no none#(faking enthusiasm) well it sounds really exciting and you are a delightful young lady now if you will excuse me
int hotel  bar  continuous)#hey what is going on ?
we found a way to make this tournament interesting we bet on the matches#really ? well i did bring this envelope full of money
really ? well i did bring this envelope full of money#and these days betting in a bar is safer than any stock bond or real estate investment
agreed so who are you gonna bet on ?#i want you to put it all on (sweetly) my little girl and parlay with the asian kid
(mild chinese accent) he has a name you know#what is it ?
i win#she won and like any prudent gambler i know when to walk away never
dad i could actually win this thing#(sly) and when you win i win (chuckles) i will explain that to you on your deathbed
my only fear is i always sabotage myself when i am on the verge of happiness#you what ?
in my young life i have seen that every time i am about to achieve true happiness some little piece of me says "you do not deserve this" and another little piece says "i agree"#right right but will it happen this time ?
(sighs) with my luck i bet it will it is practically a sure thing#(frustrated noise)
wish me luck#just be yourself
just be yourself#i wanna change my bet i am going against my daughter
i will take your money but i will not look you in the eye#fine i will not look you in the eye
fine i will not look you in the eye#have i made the bet yet ?
here's your money drenched in your daughter's tears#you know for a bartenderbookie you are awfully judgmental
dad ? did you come into some money we do not know about ?#(incredibly terrified gasp then calmly) no
you got highlights in your hair#uh the sun did that
what is goin' on ?#well sweetie daddy made a little extra money betting against you in the crossword tournament you will understand when you are a parent placing large wagers against your own children (nervous) i hope you are not mad
(eerie calm) no i am not mad#you sure you are not mad ?
ext playground  day)#you sure you are not mad ?
ext simpson house  day)#mr teddy can you ask lisa if she is mad ? (listens) what is that mr teddy ? you are saying that you know women ? and that when women say they are not mad they are madder than ever ?
mr teddy can you ask lisa if she is mad ? (listens) what is that mr teddy ? you are saying that you know women ? and that when women say they are not mad they are madder than ever ?#(sad noise) she is gone (to mr teddy) can you drive me home ? i am a little drunk
int springfield elementary  day  moments later)#(looking around) lisa ? lisa ?
(looking around) lisa ? lisa ?#lisa sweetie please look at your daddy
(casual) hey mr s (looks at lisa) lisa b#nooooooooooooooooo
would you like to buy some band candy ?#yessssssssssssssss
ext moe's  a little later)#lisa's mad at me and now she is using marge's maiden name instead of mine
she may never take back your name but there is still a chance she will take you back as a daddy#(touched) wow nobody gives better parenting advice than childless drunks
dad i know this is crazy but did you plant a message to me in the new york times crossword puzzle ?#well i had a little help from this guy
take a look at the first letters of all the clues#dear lisa you make me so happy really really really happy sorry he told me i needed a hundred and fortyfour letters what was my point again ? oh right bouvier or simpson i cherish you
um i am also returning this kitten calendar#kitten calendar
(indignant) no i got mayonnaise in the cd drive#(intrigued noise)
i see you are admiring our mycube it is fueled by dreams and powered by imagination#what does it do ?
you should ask yourself "what can i do for it ?"#okay (to cube) what can i do for you ? (then pleading) please i am begging you
sir it is not even turned on yet#but it is glowing
int simpson house  living room  day)#marge i installed all the low energy bulbs
what have you done with the old ones ?#disposed of them in an environmentally friendly manner
disposed of them in an environmentally friendly manner#(sneaky chuckle)
salaam alaikum#milhouse is lookin' good  he is got contacts changed color got a cool new catchphrase (as if doing catchphrase) salaam alaikum
bart forgot this sir#sir ? (impressed) that is the kind of respect you would have to strangle out of an american kid
you know bart never told me he had a handsome teenage brother#(flattered giggle) i am really thirtyeight
thirtyeight waist i might believe#(flattered giggle)
(snickers)#hey bashir's great if derek jeter married mariah carey it would not last but i bet they'd have a kid like him
homer this is serious this bashir kid is muslim and therefore up to something#oh i can not believe that till i see a fictional tv program espousing your point of view
and she loved it#oh my god what can i do ?
oh my god what can i do ?#but we are the more powerful country for a few more years
(evil laughter)#(grimly) i guess i have no choice
homie it is very openminded of you to have bart's muslim friend's muslim family over#here's the plan marge you keep 'em talking i will be listening and quietly judging
we met while studying at jordan university of science and technology#ah interesting why just the other day i was reading that science is used to make bombs
(conspiratorial) now bait the trap#(ominous) why do not i get us dessert ?
(ominous) why do not i get us dessert ?#i made us a little cake
i made us a little cake#(pointed) care to cut ? (sotto) watch this lenny
(uncomfortable) no thank you#what is the matter ? do not like the taste of freedom ?
i like the way you italians think#shut up old man
i think it is time for us to go#(calling after them furious) that is it ruin a perfect evening
(furious) you are teaching bart a terrible lesson of intolerance#i am sorry  it is just so fun and easy to judge people based on religion
well i want you to go over to their house and apologize#(mopey) okay i will apologize
(mopey) okay i will apologize#(kindly) upbupbup do not eat that sweetie it is poison
ext streets of springfield  night)#(to self rehearsing) i am sorry i suspected you of being soulless murderers of innocent children i hope we can move past this and
(to self rehearsing) i am sorry i suspected you of being soulless murderers of innocent children i hope we can move past this and#(gasps) dynamite ? (huge gasp) they are terrorists (to self) must leave quietly
(gasps) dynamite ? (huge gasp) they are terrorists (to self) must leave quietly#(to self) so far so good
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#marge i was right everybody is whatever i think they are
marge i was right everybody is whatever i think they are#i saw them unloading dynamite
(sighs) homer i am sure you did not see anything go to sleep#all right sweetie but if i wake up tomorrow we will discuss it
(jack nicholson in "the shining") heeeeere's genie#(cracks up) now do flanders
(robin williams) no now i will destroy your decadent western society#nooooooo
nooooooo#hm usually that ends the dream
hm usually that ends the dream#(gasps) the power of dreaming has convinced me the threat is real
int bashir's house  day)#gotta prove the genie was right
but i love blowing up buildings#oh my god
oh it is you (wary) what do you want ?#i want to apologize for being such a jerk at dinner and i thought the best way to do that would be to come to your house and poke around
mr simpson i accept your apology goodbye#(quickly) wait wait wait wait i read somewhere your people are hospitable to guests is that true ?
(sighs) yes#praise be oliver
that is allah#we will look it up in the corona
int living room  moments later)#so now that we are alone um death to america right ?
so now that we are alone um death to america right ?#homer why are you really here ?
homer why are you really here ?#(quick) oh look at that we are out of almond paste do not get up i will grind the almonds myself
int amid's study  continuous)#(intense) a computer
(intense) a computer#i am in
i am in#springfield mall ?
springfield mall ?#they are gonna blow it up
homer ? i do not hear almond grinding#(singsong) just listen i am grinding them now (imitates grinder then screams then says) ow my finger ooh here comes the ambulance (european ambulance noises then) my you are a handsome fellow (imitating ambulance driver) just get in the ambulance mr simpson we will see to your finger (then normal voice) why thank you (european ambulance noises)
(singsong) just listen i am grinding them now (imitates grinder then screams then says) ow my finger ooh here comes the ambulance (european ambulance noises then) my you are a handsome fellow (imitating ambulance driver) just get in the ambulance mr simpson we will see to your finger (then normal voice) why thank you (european ambulance noises)#ow my finger
int lobby  continuous)#everyone get out
int office #1  continuous)#run for your lives
int office  continuous)#run for your
run for your#uh stay where you are
int mall  continuous)#bart ?
bart ?#(gasps then) boy do not blow up this mall it has the cookie store that gives free samples
no i#(running up) usa usa usa
dad it was an empty building it was supposed to come down#what about the bridge ?
that was supposed to open tomorrow#did we really need a bridge there ?
the duff brewery is on that island#i will save you
ext simpson house  backyard  day)#(chuckle) that banner has really paid for itself over the years
(alarmed) all the bees are dead#(sarcastic) oh no no bees ? oooh now who will sting me and walk all over my sandwiches ?
nine#pfft knew it
seven#duh
three#(shocked) what ?
and#boring
but dad bees pollinate flowers#(snorts) flowers  the painted whores of the plant world
(robotic) honey ?#(choked up) thank you
int simpson living room)#(grim) i never dreamed the future could be scary (stands) let's go lisa we have got some worms to save
bees#worms bees ticks fleas let's go go go
in there close see these red dots ? this bee has been felled by bee measles  or as i call it "beasles"#(shocked) animals can get sick ?
i am going to talk to the girl from now on#(shrugs) you are the nerd
(disgruntled noise)#(gasp) there is one on lisa
(gasp) there is one on lisa#hold still sweetie daddy will kill it (grim) and this time no screwups
(humming noises)#marge remember when we were talking about our worst fears ?
uhhuh#and mine was snakes and yours was
never being a grandmother ?#really ? i thought it was lisa with a beard of bees well whatever brace yourself
um mom maybe you should not have put so much syrup on the pancakes#the secret is not to swallow the stingers
dad do not eat the bees#(rolls eyes) they are just drones lisa they only live for like five minutes anyway and they only have haploid cells not diploid like me and bart
listen lisa i was trying to think of a way to help your bees and i remembered this abandoned greenhouse outside of town#which used to be a beautiful thriving greenhouse 'til i was hired to run it (chuckles)
silence now let's make some noise for everyone's favorite basketball team whom i have renamed the springfield excitement#i knew it
okay okay (hands her the keys) do not know why i had 'em in the first place#(moans) i'd do anything to cheer up my little girl
listen homer in the back room i got these supertough africanized bees i saw this ad in a gentleman's magazine for excited african honeys and that is what they sent me if we could combine them with lisa's bees it would make them strong enough to survive any environment#huh ? but how are we supposed to combine the dna of two strains of the same species ?
(gets idea) actually homer#(eyes wide gasps) you and me ?
no the bees#(protesting too much) oh yeah yeah that is what i meant too i have no inclination
got the queen ?#yep
yep#and she is ready for a night of anonymous sex with multiple partners (chuckles)
wow this must be important dad i have never seen you walk up an incline before#sweetie i have a very special surprise for you
he is not a billionaire at all#(chuckles) your bees died days ago these are their angry mutant descendants and they are tough enough to live in any environment
they sound awfully mad are they dangerous ?#hm i am not sure let me check
hm i am not sure let me check#are you guys dangerous ?
are you guys dangerous ?#(haughty) a simple "yes" would've sufficed
(scared noise)#do not worry lisa where else are they gonna go ?
why do we have to go to the rec center ? i wanna play with my friends#when you are older you will miss these fun activities
you are older why do not you do these fun activities ?#uh 'cause no one's making me (quickly) buhbye
we could be murderers#could've been (just slightly resentful) if we hadn't had kids
he found several undiscovered plot twists in "the client" and he proved that the real villain in "a time to kill" is the legal system itself#toldja marge (in her face but not mean) tol dja
compliment her hair and shoes if her dog bites you do not make a big deal out of it and#(breaking in) friendship is like marriage  the key is listening also if her dog bites you do not make a big deal out of it
(annoyed) i just said that#okay honey if it is that important to you you said it
(nervous) now remember juliet's family is very classy so be on your best behavior#use as many big words as possible i call "computer" bart you can have "doorbell"
(quickly pointing to doorbell) nice doorbell is it computerized ?#hey that was
homer#we i (looks down at bart) you come up with an excuse
(rex harrisontype voice) homer is not it wonderful that my juliet and your lisa have become such fast friends ?#(nervous chuckle) if you say so m'lord
dinner's ready#if you will show me to your bathroom i'd like to pretend to wash my hands
(scary) oooooo#(mouth full) when they make a movie from his books does he get one or two free tickets ?
i will go get her#hey could you take a look at a lump on my back ?
i am not that kind of doctor#oh i get it here's ten bucks
that is chewing gum#(disgruntled) what a racket
mr and mrs simpson we need to talk about lisa she is unfocused scribbling nonsense living in a world of her own#(chuckles) well that is bart for ya
we are talking about lisa your daughter#seems like you and i are always talking about bart my son
i search all the children's facebook pages for unflattering references to me by the way i enjoyed the photos of your trip to yosemite#oh that we were actually just going out for brunch and i got lost but do not worry officer we will definitely have a talk with the boy
i wonder if lisa has threatened the model un with her rice tariff yet#i doubt it  friday is usually just committee assignments and procedural rules
a "castle" i know where they are#wait
wait#is it some place i have to put on a tie ?
no#is it a place i'd look overdressed if i did wear a tie ?
you probably would#what about a jacket and jeans with a nice tee shirt ?
you got a letter all the way from new york city and that is something#and you know what else sweetie ? you and your friend princess nutjob inspired me to write my own fantasy novel based on my experiences as a dad
and you know what else sweetie ? you and your friend princess nutjob inspired me to write my own fantasy novel based on my experiences as a dad#okay chapter one uh uh (moans) writing is hard
homer that guy's your age ?#(pouty) no he is ten days younger
so you are saying he will look like you in ten days ?#if he is lucky
if he is lucky#the guy owns a few local businesses and everyone treats him like he is god well god does not need his own special day
what about sunday ?#sunday's the lord's day boy not god's completely different guy
your father's just jealous because vance was our class president in high school#(surly) if i had won class president i'd be the one getting thrown up in the air right now
dad you ran for class president ?#yup  back in high school right before i met your mother a simpler time when the only thing we worried about was total nuclear annihilation
there they are my favorite mixedrace couple#guys that popular and confident are never truly happy
he looks happy#(knowitall) tears of a clown
he is not crying and he is not known for clowning#(knowitall) exception that proves the rule if losers like me know one thing it is that deep down winners like him are miserable watch i will prove it
(knowitall) exception that proves the rule if losers like me know one thing it is that deep down winners like him are miserable watch i will prove it#angry nut coming through
clear a path boys#hey vance ?
(friendly) hey homer simpson how you been ?#great thanks listen settle a bet behind that smile you are dying right ?
behind this smile is a bigger smile trying to get out (excited) oh oh here it comes oh yeah (smiles even bigger)#please you have gotta have some secret agony (looks down then hopeful) i bet those fancy shoes hurt your feet
no actually they are like two leather clouds#(anguished noise)
got 'em from a buddy of mine with a store in shelbyville you want his number ?#(pouty) no (then) yes
hey homer you wanna try my new vance connorpolitan ? like vance it is smooth cool and ohsosophisticated#i will just stick with my beer
yeah me too#because when vance beat me in that election he ruined my life
because when vance beat me in that election he ruined my life#why did you just exchange that look of guilt ?
int moe's bar  the present)#(intrigued) so there is a chance i actually won i have got to dig up that ballot box
just let it go homer#al gore ?
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#(asleep mumbling) ballots stolen real winner unknown what is the truth ?
(asleep mumbling) ballots stolen real winner unknown what is the truth ?#i have gotta know
int lenny's apartment  continuous)#lenny wake up
(wakingup noise then) finally you returned my shovel#that is not why i am here get dressed
california casual or business attire ?#(grimly) california casual
there it is#the ballot box ?
(reading meaningfully) "right under this"#(dramatic) what will this box reveal ? (slightly less dramatic) and what will i use this box for afterwards ? mismatched nuts and bolts ? recipes ? i may never know
vance connor#(annoyed grunt)
homer simpson#woohoo
vance connor#(annoyed grunt)
homer simpson#woohoo
vance connor#(annoyed grunt)
homer simpson#woo hoo
(annoyed) please stop doing that#(annoyed grunt) or woo hoo ?
both homer simpson vance connor fonzie (last ballot) homer simpson and the winner is (gasps) homer simpson#(pumps fist) yes i am senior class president i get a parking spot if the assistant principal is not using it
(pumps fist) yes i am senior class president i get a parking spot if the assistant principal is not using it#wait a second if i'd been class president like i was supposed to i'd be the one with the big mansion and the color tvs and the hot wife
(annoyed) hey#marge i still would be married to you but you would just be hotter
dad just because you won a high school election does not mean your whole life would have been better#that is exactly what it means and dondelinger took that life away from me and the taking of a life is murder and the punishment for murder is well it varies from state to state and by race but i am gonna find dondelinger and tell him i know what he did last summer twentytwo years ago in the winter
(sad) no other foursome would have me my legs gross people out#dondelinger
uhoh looks like one of my former students on a quest for truth#dondelinger i should have been class president but you stole the election from me
i can explain but are you sure we should talk in front of your son ?#yes i want him to know that if your life does not turn out the way you want there is someone else to blame
(pleasant) i already knew that dad i am gonna blame you#i respect your choice now drive back to the clubhouse and order me a tom collins
with a virgin tom collins for me ?#(snorts) virgin ? what are you a girl ?
(snorts) virgin ? what are you a girl ?#now dondelinger i want some answers
very well it is a fact i did not like you simpson still do not#you lie you love me
very well now we must once more stare madly into the sauce#i do not feel much like eating i will never know what would've happened if i'd have been class president
oh you could know if you dared#huh ? who said that ?
now watch the sauce of bubbling red and see the life you could have led#(nonchalant) okay
(faint) homer homer homer#i would've been a winner instead of some idiot spending his saturday night staring into a bowl of sauce why did fate do this to me ?
(sagely) aska the garlic bread#why ? why ?
int luigi's kitchen  the present  evening)#(to old italian man) come on stir i must see more
homie please nothing good will come of this#marge unlike cpr this is something i must know
sorry the only girl i could ever want is right over there#debbie pinson
debbie pinson#hey debbie um wanna go to prom with me ?
int springfield high (1970s)  gym  alternate reality  night)#(satisfied sigh) i got the biggest lapels the ruffliest shirt and the most beautifulgirl ?
(oblivious pleased) thank you homer#debbie i forgot i have an english paper due on monday would you read "to kill a mockingbird" for me and if you could write down how boo radley fits into the southern gothic tradition that would be great
(pleased) nobody's ever asked me to use my headbrain before#homer simpson class president
(flustered) oh my god he is talking to me#a lot of great things have happened to me lately but they are nothing compared to meeting you may i have this dance ?
homer simpson i was gonna let you get to fifth base it would've been something you told your grandchildren about#sorry debbie i hope you can find happiness without me
who wants a cheerleader on the rebound ?#(raising hand) i do (seeing marge) oh right
(enthralled) i can hardly believe this is real#(romantic) marge the way i feel about you is as real and lasting as my hairline
i do not know but in this reality i am not gay hubba hubba#sweet dreams
(werkin'getoriks)#thank you mysterious weirdo
tell me what student government office do you hold ? secretary ? treasurer ? dare i say secretarytreasurer ?#i am class president
ext simpson house  alternative reality  the present)#(calling up) how you doin' dad ?
int large beautiful house  continuous)#honey i am home where are the kids ?
well that is what is missing our lives would be horrible without the kids#(totally unenthusiastic) uh yes that must be it this is the best of all possible worlds blah blah blah
slurp my snot#i wanna live in the sauce
ext simpson house  back yard  day)#(sad moan)
homie please come inside#okay
okay#(sad moan)
dad we need to have a talk#(wary) oh i get it you are all gonna try to convince me that my life is great just like it is right ?
(wary) oh i get it you are all gonna try to convince me that my life is great just like it is right ?#are you kidding ? we could not even convince you that bruce wayne is batman
are you kidding ? we could not even convince you that bruce wayne is batman#oh come on that millionaire playboy ? he is too busy socializing at cocktail parties and managing the affairs of the wayne foundation
dad we think the sauce had it all wrong#oh look who thinks he is smarter than sauce
ext springfield wall of fame  day)#oh why would you bring me here ? it is like bringing richard nixon to the watergate or kevin costner to waterworld
(coy) oh really ?#(gasp then touched) my own plaque and one for vice president butthead cool
(gasp then touched) my own plaque and one for vice president butthead cool#is that why you brought me here spirits ?
(nods) yep in the future people will look at this and they will say "whoever he was he must've mattered"#(still a little glum) i guess that would be nice
pardon me can my son have his picture taken with you ?#(touched) really ? sure
well we can not all be homer simpson son#(warmly) thanks guys
(warmly) thanks guys#hey was there another plaque here before ?
(blas) plaques come plaques go#now let's get something to eat
how 'bout italian ?#god no
i hear there is a korean barbeque place where the beef spells out the date of your death#ooh that sounds like fun
ooh that sounds like fun#(excited) three two one happy new year
it is the first day of school#(delighted chuckle) you are the government's problem now
(depressed noise) i can not believe we have to start another year of school i never learned anything at that suck shack#(mad) who taught you that language ?
kid at school#("aha") so you did learn something
oh homie the insurance bill is due today can you make sure to mail it ?#absolutely insurance is the greatest deal ever if i get hurt i get paid and man do i get hurt
absolutely insurance is the greatest deal ever if i get hurt i get paid and man do i get hurt#(chuckles nostalgic) what a week
dad bart's throwing away his future#(fake concerned) oh no now who will sell oranges on the offramp ?
(fake concerned) oh no now who will sell oranges on the offramp ?#great jokes make me hungry i wonder what is in the pantry
great jokes make me hungry i wonder what is in the pantry#(happy eating noises)
(happy eating noises)#(realizing something) wait a minute
(realizing something) wait a minute#(realizing something) wait a minute
(realizing something) wait a minute#(happy humming)
id please#(pats his shirt can not find it) must be in the glove box
(pats his shirt can not find it) must be in the glove box#(puzzled noise)
(puzzled noise)#this was due two weeks ago i am not insured for the first time in my life i am financially responsible for my own actions
this was due two weeks ago i am not insured for the first time in my life i am financially responsible for my own actions#uninsured uninsured
uninsured uninsured#i am not in good hands i am in no hands like a bad neighbor no one is there (sobs)
ext springfield street  day)#(writes quickly) dear stupid insurance company i meant to mail this on time what do you mean too bad ? screw you heh heh
(writes quickly) dear stupid insurance company i meant to mail this on time what do you mean too bad ? screw you heh heh#(short scream then) i will not be insured until three o'clock ? okay until then i have to avoid any serious injuries or accidents on my property or i am ruined
(short scream then) i will not be insured until three o'clock ? okay until then i have to avoid any serious injuries or accidents on my property or i am ruined#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(scolding) oh no you do not
(scolding) oh no you do not#(satisfied grunt)
homie what are you doing home so early ?#marge i will not bore you with the truth all i can say is that until three pm we must avoid all accidents and injuries or we are all going to the poor house
you mean back to the poor house ?#fine back and we can not let anyone else get hurt on our property
i do not want anyone to ever get hurt#me too baby but we gotta get real
we can discuss it later right now while you are here you can help host my book club#(worried) book club ? that is the most stupid boring thing ever (hugs her) oh thank you
oh my god oh my god we are totally liable#(turned on) oh yeah
(turned on) oh yeah#(afraid again) i mean nooo
int simpson house  living room  day)#(intense) okay i just have to keep these tipsy witches safe for ten more seconds
(nonchalant) oops#( la secret service) kniiiife
( la secret service) kniiiife#got it
got it#(relieved sigh)
(anguished) apaches#oh mr burns why do terrible things always happen to wonderful people at threeohone pm which for the record is the correct time
oh mr burns why do terrible things always happen to wonderful people at threeohone pm which for the record is the correct time#(mouth full) so plans for the weekend ?
(annoyed noise)#marge are you mad i forgot to send in the payment ?
(sweetly) no sweetie at this point in a marriage a wife should know what her husband can do and what he can not who was i to think you could mail an envelope ?#(sweetly) baby i hope you have got snuggle insurance 'cause i am about to file a claim
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#(singing) oh mardi gras / oh mardi gras / you see a lot of boobies
(singing) oh mardi gras / oh mardi gras / you see a lot of boobies#boy where are my zydeco records ?
(weary noise) there is twelve more boxes and they all sound the same#i know they do but the simpson mardi gras party has been a tradition since two days before you were born and we spare no expense
what about my birthday party ?#this counts as that
this counts as that#ladies how're you doing with the float ?
hey homer i have some distant relatives that i never see except for this party can i bring 'em to the party ?#no problem
(irritated murmur)#marge lighten up even grampa's enjoying himself
oh right we came together#(booming) ha ha eat my food drink up my drink put your coat on my daughter's bed i command you
("there it is" noise)#fine i will invite him but he has to wear the outfit i choose
ext flanders yard  moments later)#(a little sullen) hey flanders listen uh we are having a party
(slight chuckle) i noticed#so anyway if you are not doing anything and it looks like you are you are welcome to stop by or not
homer i always wonder how can you afford this party year after year ?#because i have this magical thing called a home equity loan i borrow all the money i want and the house gets stuck with the bill (chuckles looks at house) sucker
huh i am not sure that is how it works#(irritated) fine mr skeptical give me back your beads
but but but#(all business) beads please
homie do you know anything about this ?#marge do not worry (reassuring) it is like when we stopped paying the phone bill they stopped calling us in fact everyone did
(worried) i think we should go see our mortgage broker#oh man who'd think the first day of lent would be such a bummer ?
let's see here uh balloon payment thirtyseven percent interest compounded every minute notunderstandingthecontractfee (adlib calculating noises) here's your new monthly payment#(horrified gasp)
oh wait i left out a zero#listen you when you gave me that money you said i would not have to repay it till the future this is not the future it is the lousy stinking now
do not be sore at the banks hell we fired our ceo and he barely got out with fifty million dollars#(touched) that poor man is he okay ?
i know i know but bernice wants you out#do not worry honey we will come out ahead (furtive) i ripped all the copper wire out of the walls
did you remember to disconnect it first ?#did i what now ?
she is look#(sobs) goodbye
(sobs) goodbye#(annoyed grunt)
i need a place to store my cufflinks#let's go kids i can not watch any more
well sir as the ocean said to the dirt i appreciate the sediment#(overcome with gratitude) and on the zillionth day god created hugs
(overcome with gratitude) and on the zillionth day god created hugs#and it was gooood
come on kids let's take our stuff back inside#(embarrassed) uh uh uh uh better let me go first i left a little uh "surprise" upstairs for the new owner
(singing) for he is a fabulous flanders which nobody can deny#(sings  la "and many more") he saved our ass
(annoyed murmur) homie the faucet will not stop leaking#no problem just let sir fixalot slay this chore
no problem just let sir fixalot slay this chore#(proud chuckle then rubs hands together) next problem
(pleased noise) well let's see what else is in the job jar#it is so beautiful no two are exactly alike though many of them are very similar
int simpson house  day)#(jaunty) i am back baby
(to homer) he will not come over#he what ? (grabs phone) flanders landlords like you are the scum of the earth you lounge around in your egg macmansions and we never see you unless the rent check's late
the rent check is late#(angry noise) some friend you are the minute you become our landlord you expect us to pay rent you would better just pray i do not find out where you live
(angry noise) some friend you are the minute you become our landlord you expect us to pay rent you would better just pray i do not find out where you live#bart do not forget to turn the chicken
people like flanders make me sick if i was marge's landlord i'd fix her pipes and i'd shower her with flowers andand take her on a romantic getaway to the south seas and i i'd never return#yeah you would treat her right
you go to the media and get them to expose what a horrible person he really is#oh right  like "dateline" did to you
int simpsons home  kitchen)#(distorted voice) we live in a house that is trying to kill us
hey dad#(into cup) who is this "dad" you speak of lisa simpson ?
you want a cookie dad ?#(into cup) yes
int simpsons house  stairway)#(pointing) squeaky stair here scary portrait there
(pointing) squeaky stair here scary portrait there#poltergeist in the closet
(ghostly noise then) i died when homer sat on me#why you little
why you little#i am the victim here
homer simpson i took pity on you and what do i get in return ? a kick in the kadiddlehopper#(chuckles) kadiddlehopper
it is not funny that is how i swear#(defiant) fine you are mad what are you gonna do about it ?
when the month is up i want you out#fine i will get another neighbor to buy the house and let us live in it
your leaving is our christmas#(plaintively) flanders you would not throw us out on christmas would you ?
(waking up noise) wha ? who is that ?#it is me jesus
it is me jesus#i have come from my workshop in the north pole to say do not evict the simpsons
(suspicious) uh say "jesus" what was the name of the son of zachariah ?#it was um do you have a computer nearby ?
ext simpson house  morning)#(worried) he is nailing something to our door
hm i wonder if it is theses#ew that is gross
(worried) homie i think it is an eviction notice we are gonna be homeless like lucille ball in "the stone pillow"#do not worry marge
do not worry marge#according to this chapter book we have a secret weapon (reads from book) "evictee will be granted a stay of eviction if said household includes a resident aged sixtyfive or over" finally a practical use for my father
(suspicious) what is the catch ?#(upbeat) i am using you
for what ?#my own devices
ext simpson house  day)#(taunting) hey flanders you can not evict us because a senior's living here now
int simpsons house  living room  days later)#will you kids knock it off ? i am trying to watch badminton
(sarcastic) right 'cause i would not want to be gay like my heroes billie jean king susan sontag sappho of lesbos and i suspect peppermint patty#well i guess we can take a quick walk we will keep grampa occupied with this dvd of dwight eisenhower talking about golf
ext springfield street  later)#so after i paid for the ice cream cones i said "thank you" and was on my way
we know dad we were there#(chuckles) i know it seems that way because i am such a vivid storyteller now here's another story called "bart's mistake" we were walking home when (huge gasp)
(chuckles) i know it seems that way because i am such a vivid storyteller now here's another story called "bart's mistake" we were walking home when (huge gasp)#how could this have happened ?
flanders feeds me people food#well i can not compete with that
(choked up) oh my god we are out on the street (sobs)#honey do not cry it could be worse  (stagey) at least it is not raining
honey do not cry it could be worse  (stagey) at least it is not raining#see i told you it is not raining (beat) so we are just homeless
ext homeless shelter  night  establishing)#kids if you get lost remember where we are seventyfive beds from that wall and a hundred beds from the crazy guy
but kicking is the only toy i have#that is not true you have bug bites you can scratch
(happily) well has not this been a peach of a breach (laughs) we will see you in court#oh flanders i promise i will never abuse our friendship again
it is okay if you backslide a little#never hooray for stupid flanders
ext evergreen terrace  another angle)#i really hate this neighborhood
i really hate this neighborhood#(calling after her) yeah right and i am married to wonder woman
i am gonna see it first#no i am gonna see it first
hit the road ya big load#(sadly) my space toy
(impressed noises)#(amazed) we will be talking about this together for years
for years for years#i finally feel like part of a family
now marge your eyes must stay completely covered for two full weeks#(frightened scream)
int simpson living room  night)#do not worry honey i will be your "seeingeye homer" (looks around) we are in some kind of doctor room bunch of stuff on the walls it is kind of hard to describe um i am gonna take my break now
now simpsons i must warn you  any stress could increase the blood pressure in marge's eyeballs leading to what we call "tex avery syndrome"#(upset) wolves are taking all our women
you guys have treated me like a princess every day's been like the first ten minutes of mother's day#you just rest those rods and coddle those cones  everything's taken care of
(sotto to homer) dad come in the kitchen quick#is there any other way to enter a kitchen ?
int kitchen  moments later)#aw rats in the kitchen just like that delightful movie i taped in the theater
aw rats in the kitchen just like that delightful movie i taped in the theater#(chuckle) ooh he is controlling me with my hair using me to cook a delicious sole meuniere with a celery root puree and carrots vichy
(chuckle) ooh he is controlling me with my hair using me to cook a delicious sole meuniere with a celery root puree and carrots vichy#hmmm this is good
hmmm this is good#good but not great i will go get some rat poison
good but not great i will go get some rat poison#(yanking noises)
(brief upset noise)#no you stupid dog  that is maggie's bunny
no you stupid dog  that is maggie's bunny#(scolding) not in front of the poison man
ext shelbyville  continuous)#whoever's biting me stop it
int car  continuous)#(terrified scream)
ext springfield bridge  continuous)#(doppler) why did i bring the baby and the dog to the poison store ?
ext bridge  continuous)#(moans) how am i gonna get us all across this river ?
(moans) how am i gonna get us all across this river ?#(happy gasp) a boat
(happy gasp) a boat#oh we are too heavy
oh we are too heavy#let's see i need to get the baby the dog and the poison across the river but i can only take one thing at a time i can not leave the baby alone with the poison and i can not leave the dog alone with the baby
i need to get the baby the dog and the poison across the river but i can only take one thing at a time i can not leave the baby alone with the poison and i can not leave the dog alone with the baby#can not someone help me with this puzzle ?
can not someone help me with this puzzle ?#professor frink help me figure this out
professor frink help me figure this out#yo over here
wha (frink swallowing pellet noise then convulsing briefly)#great time to nap einstein
ext river bank  evening  ten minutes later)#okay maggie dog poison you are all involved so listen up (quickly) first i row maggie over leaving the dog and the poison then i row back alone take the poison over and bring maggie back then i take the dog over come back get maggie row across and before i know it i am back at home
okay maggie dog poison you are all involved so listen up (quickly) first i row maggie over leaving the dog and the poison then i row back alone take the poison over and bring maggie back then i take the dog over come back get maggie row across and before i know it i am back at home#(mad) were you listening at all ?
ext springfield  shore  evening)#now i need to leave you where you will be safeunder the watchful eyes of god and i will be watching you too in case god's busy making tornadoes or not existing
now i need to leave you where you will be safeunder the watchful eyes of god and i will be watching you too in case god's busy making tornadoes or not existing#(singsong) i see you i see you
(singsong) i see you i see you#i see (confused noise)
look at that  one of god's discarded miracles#(quick scream) catholics
ext convent  evening (moments later))#give me my baby back
(brusquely) any child left here will be cared for by the sisters of st teresa why would you leave such a beautiful baby on our doorstep ?#'cause she was fighting my dog and stealing my poison now give her back so i can take her home to my ratinfested house
no the poor dear is right where she belongs god help you sir (she slides the window closed)#come on lady have a heart i screwed up i am sure your husband does stupid things sometimes
(opens window) i am married to jesus#kids i have to tell your mom i lost maggie
wait i have an idea one of us can go undercover as a nun and infiltrate the convent#("sitcom") oh no oh no ohhh no there is no way homer simpson's gonna put on a dress and act like a nun
ext convent steps  the next morning)#(standing next to her) told you there was no way i would do it
(standing next to her) told you there was no way i would do it#(beat) are you sure you do not want me to do it ? 'cause i can do it i got the outfit right here
(beat) are you sure you do not want me to do it ? 'cause i can do it i got the outfit right here#(selling upbeat) huh ?
homie i have not held maggie all day can you hand her to me ?#um no problem sweetie
hm you are not usually this greedy#cool it  she is getting suspicious
(worried noise) maybe i am just being selfish i do not know#no marge you are the most giving person i know besides i gave them another gem child to sit on their precious throne
a home and garden show ?#(disappointed noise)
(mad) you told me we were gonna pick up trash by the freeway#(mad) you told me something but i wasn't listening
i am sorry for fibbing (conciliatory) tell you what  if you do not like it you can complain all the way home#fair enough kids let's practice
fair enough kids let's practice#mimimimiiiii
(over each other) well that sucked / there is a day we will never get back / i was so bored#that was good but lisa you are still complaining from your throat not your diaphragm
(harsher more mechanical) warranty voided#(annoyed grunt)
what is that soothing sound ?#maybe it is beef stew
maybe it is beef stew#(gasps) hot tubs
(gasps) hot tubs#guys what is it like ?
(pleased sigh) getting a back rub from an orgasm#i want to buy your fanciest hot tub
(wiseguy) oh you mean the "yousoup 5000"#please can i get it marge ? please ? please ?
wait a minute who am i pleading with ?#beats me / i'unno / please please please
(grossedout noises)#i am on it
i am on it#go back to your day spas
maybe we should get out now#interesting proposal now with an opposing point of view bubbles
(sticks head out window) hey cool your jets we are trying to get to sleep#(friendly) hey flanders why do not you join us ? afraid you will get your moustache wet ?
(lazy) one of us should go look at it#hmm probably a reminder to relax more
(extremely blissedout moans)#hey what happened to the bubbles ?
the thing is i ain't got much life left to live and a wasted day like today is one i know i will never get back#oh dad i never knew you had dreams or emotions
well there are a few things i was hopin' to do before i become dust in a jar#whoa whoa whoa who said anything about a jar ?
anyway i made a list#okay "pitch in the negro leagues" i can think of at least two problems with that can not read that one my thumb's over it
okay "pitch in the negro leagues" i can think of at least two problems with that can not read that one my thumb's over it#"have one more beer at o'flanagan's pub" we will do that one
ext plane  day)#this place is in ireland ?
that is right now let's make our reservations#(grumbling) lousy old man  makin' me look up at an airplane
everyone got jobs that is what happened#sir i brought my father thousands of miles just to drink at your bar
d'ye mean it ? (holds up finger) look do not toy with an old man's heart now#gimme a beer and a shot of whiskey
(singing) this is the life in ireland#(worried) you okay dad ?
(huge laugh)#(chuckling) oh i miss her
(laughs and walks off) so long suckers#(bitter) well dad was there anything on your list about being cheated by an irishman ?
fourth one from the bottom#(annoyed grunt)
(confused) never heard of half this stuff (shakes head) this brandy is fifty years old (worried) better toss it#(to man walking by) hey boyo  how about a tall cool one ? (to another man passing by) how about you greensleeves ? irishmen love to get drunk
i am in aa#who are you stuttering fonzie ? (satisfied chuckle then) what about you bicycle pants ?
i am late for a teleconference with hong kong ya fat gob#why you
why you#uhoh
uhoh#(proudly) our first sale
(proudly) our first sale#(sadly) our first refund
sorry but smokin' in pubs ain't part of the new ireland also you can not text while driving#(sarcastic irish accent) yeah look at 'em crowding the bar there is sully and mack jimmy d and jimmy b (to imaginary customers) what can i get ya boys  the usual ?
(sarcastic irish accent) yeah look at 'em crowding the bar there is sully and mack jimmy d and jimmy b (to imaginary customers) what can i get ya boys  the usual ?#(mad no accent) we are so screwed
int tom o'flanagan's pub  day)#ireland does not like pubs anymore it is as if danish people stopped liking sleek modern design
bite your tongue that will never ever happen#well we need help (strokes chin) someone who can make money with a bar that has no customers and zero charm
no it is how you fly coach on delta now#moe something terrible has happened the irish have become hardworking and sober
ext tom o'flanagan's pub  day)#so what can not people do in modern ireland ?
(wails) what has happened to the ways of old ?#people can not smoke indoors in ireland
ext simpson & son pub  night  establishing)#moe you were right
(raising drinks) homer and his da#(proudly to grampa) well "da" it looks like all your "der" have come "ter"
so it is escapin' you are thinkin' of then ?#i can not tell if those are questions or statements
son this was all my fault you were just trying to make an old man happy#do not worry dad we will get out america is the new york yankees of countries  powerful and respected until the year two thousand
oh son you know how i love a good analogy#(chuckles) it was apt
int courtroom  day)#let me say i have always admired the irish knute rockne larry bird and especially mr potato head
there you have it  news has never been softer (touches finger to earpiece) what is that ? the parson is here#but i ask you who does smoking actually hurt except the smokers those around them and the unborn children of the pregnant women we let in free on expectant mothers drink free night ?
but i ask you who does smoking actually hurt except the smokers those around them and the unborn children of the pregnant women we let in free on expectant mothers drink free night ?#so i hope you will forgive two wellmeaning americans for trying to take ireland back to the good old days of "angela's ashes" thank you
the parson ? he is coming here ? (screams like teenage girl)#oh my god she fainted let's go get smelling salts
oh my god she fainted let's go get smelling salts#suckers
ext simpson house  a little later)#reverend lovejoy ? you deliver pizza now ? (then confused) but we did not order a pizza (then) but you forgot the pizza anyway (calls inside) marge the pizza place screwed up again
well i am afraid that joyous occasion fell during a time when i wasn't actually a minister uh since that time you two have not been legally wed#(talking tough) you do not get it padre my old lady and i have a thing goin' on we do not need a piece of paper to keep it real
(mad) who are you calling an old lady ?#(panicked) i need that paper quick
yeah instead of exhausted zombies running down the clock#why you little bastard
(sad noise) this is not the most romantic place to get married#sweetie any place i am marrying you is the most romantic place in the world
(sigh)#marge this time i am going to give you the wedding you deserve let's get out of here
(into phone) hello ?#hello it is me lance romance
hello it is me lance romance#your first mission is to look out the window
(shocked) homer what is going on ? the violin pants with a crease why ?#marge you deserve a wedding day that unlike our children was planned in advance so  will you marry me  in style ?
(teary) oh yes homer yes#(ecstatic) did you hear that santa ? she said yes yes (gently) now back to your cold airless tomb
(haughty) well the last time i checked pirates weren't gay#(a bit disgusted) how'd you check ?
int bakery  day)#check out this rocket ship cake marge
that is for a child's birthday we are going to get this one#maybe we could bury the rocket ship inside the cake and that would be a big surprise because i'd forget about it pretty quick
no rockets (sweeter) you can pick the frosting#chocolate
all right people i want every table to have two baskets of bread but only one plate of butter  that will stimulate conversation#what if we
there is no "we" in wedding#but there is marge the first two letters
i can not believe you told lenny and carl they could bring dates 'cause they are not even coming to the wedding#why not ?
because their rsvp cards arrived one day after the deadline#(tentative) marge uh maybe you should take a break from wedding planning i think you are becoming a bridezilla
int groom's room  continuous)#no matter what i do marge yells at me (worried) if she is like this now what will she be like after we get married ?
int dark mysterious room  later)#(confused) what is going on ? what is with all the darkness ? hello ? marge where am i ?
(confused) what is going on ? what is with all the darkness ? hello ? marge where am i ?#what the ? i am chained up like a common bicycle
what the ? i am chained up like a common bicycle#who would do this to me ? (strokes chin thoughtfully) it would have to be someone who could afford a chain
you are going to be here a while#but i have to marry marge
as of now your pathetic little life means nothing#just so you know you are making a pretty bad first impression
int dark mysterious room  continuous)#(to picture) i miss you so much
to remove that chain you need the key to the lock#you idiot how am i ever going to find the key to the ooh here it is
you idiot how am i ever going to find the key to the ooh here it is#to get the key i have to lick through a lollipop ? (sarcastic) oh how awful
to get the key i have to lick through a lollipop ? (sarcastic) oh how awful#what the ?
the lollipop is made of hot sauce#(moans) whose side are you on ?
int dmv  waiting area  continous)#(tongue burnt) malge ahmiss oo ahmiss oo so mug (etc)
(resume laughing)#(morose) i am gonna say this for the last time bart if this is one of your pranks (bitter) very funny
fun with fire ants ?#what is fun about fire ants ? they are (realizing) oh you are being sarcastic
wow you are the smartest guy in that room#(flattered) thank you that is very (realizing sad moan) more sarcasm
(flattered) thank you that is very (realizing sad moan) more sarcasm#just see that my fiance marge gets this  my wedding vows
just see that my fiance marge gets this  my wedding vows#(leaning in) marge moe and maya are here for a double date
(leaning in) marge moe and maya are here for a double date#marge i hope this day is as perfect for you as the day we met was for me you always find the one grain of sugar in the salt shaker that is i with each marriage i get a little better  maybe after a thousand i will be worthy of you
marge i hope this day is as perfect for you as the day we met was for me you always find the one grain of sugar in the salt shaker that is i with each marriage i get a little better  maybe after a thousand i will be worthy of you#i miss you i miss the kids god help me i even miss your sisters
he is right here#i am not sure what happened i was kidnapped then tortured then i fell into a surprisingly sound sleep when i awoke i felt refreshed then i was blindfolded and two sobbing trolls threw me out of a van onto our lawn
i am just happy you are back now let's get that chain off you#will not it dry up in a few days and fall off in the bath ?
(bored) and with the inking and application of this stamp you are officially married next#i am sorry honey i wanted so badly to give you a fancy wedding
(choked up) just what i always wanted#a rocket ship wedding cake  just what i always wanted
we emptied our 401ks for this ?#(rocketflying noises)
(disgusted) oh ya hate to see this#(excited) i love to see this
(playful coos)#this is no time to pat the bunny maggie daddy's watching a very important midatlantic hockey league conference semifinal doover game
hold the black label mabel the utica mohawks' pete mavroudis has broken through the 'topes' defense#stop him babando
(snapping) you are supposed to be spending time with your daughter#(whiney) i will when it is not sports season i just want to know how the game ends
so that will do it from wayne bockhorn jeanpierre ptomane and me doc jacques lalonde here at utica's killkwik rat poison arena#whawhawhat is the score ?
(englishcanadian accent) now stay tuned for "picking the perfect apple" it is already in progress#(annoyed grunt then losing it) the score damn you
once again today's final score#(hopeful noise)
is already in the books g'night#(anguished noise)
(anguished noise)#i will never (pounds) know (pounds) the score (pounds)
i will never (pounds) know (pounds) the score (pounds)#(sobs)
you want to know the score ? i will tell you the score#(grateful) oh marge this is a definite high point for our marriage
here's the score mister#(hopeful) yes ?
your daughter barely knows who you are#that is ridiculous (playful) who is your daddy maggie ? who is your daddy ?
that is ridiculous (playful) who is your daddy maggie ? who is your daddy ?#he is pretty good with her
(annoyed murmur)#look marge it is just what you want me spending the day with muggsy
(sticks head out door) maggie#marge you are not naggy you just set the bar impossibly high
can you at least bring a sweater for maggie ?#(shakes head) impossibly high (to maggie) now let's get started on the greatest daddydaughter day ever
(shakes head) impossibly high (to maggie) now let's get started on the greatest daddydaughter day ever#(scoffing) not even heated up typical dog
ext springfield sidewalk  a little later)#this is it maggie  the place where daddy goes every morning
ext moe's  day)#now you learn your numbers from these billiard balls while daddy gets happier and happier and then sadder and sadder
now you learn your numbers from these billiard balls while daddy gets happier and happier and then sadder and sadder#moe what are you doing ?
huh i got a window here#(realizing) hey maggie could play out there while i watch her from in here (turns) whaddaya say maggie ?
(realizing) hey maggie could play out there while i watch her from in here (turns) whaddaya say maggie ?#(touched) aw her first enabling
ooh hey maggie maggie maggie maggie#(baby talk) hello maggie hello maggie
ext children's park  dusk)#ooh maggie made some new friends
ooh maggie made some new friends#aw burrowing your head into your daddy a sign that my baby is happy and confident
'cause he can not remember limericks ?#i can too "there once was this guy from an island off the coast of massachusetts uh nantucket i think it was anyway he had a most unusual personal characteristic which was um uh
it is aabba dumbass#there you are
there you are#aww innocent babies whistling nonchalantly how sweet (to bully babies) maggie will be back to play with you tomorrow
dad do you have any idea what is gotten into maggie ?#(eating) how would i know ?
you have been spending so much time with her#i have not (realizing) oh right you think i do
(nervous) here she is uh homer the wonderful girl i been tellin' you about#pleased to meet you (after a beat) uh perhaps this is inappropriate but i have a mechanical question while the kids are out of the room that i can not help wondering about
pleased to meet you (after a beat) uh perhaps this is inappropriate but i have a mechanical question while the kids are out of the room that i can not help wondering about#in a nuclear power plant just how is nuclear energy turned into electricity ?
well if i remember my high school physics the controlled nuclear reaction creates steam which powers a turbine#(whispers to moe) man oh man slap a ring on that
all right homer let's see what my baby's been up to#here we are maggie that park you love
here we are maggie that park you love#see you when the moon comes out
ext springfield squid port  evening  establishing)#man that made me thirsty
okay no more delays i have got to watch this#i will save you maggie
i will save you maggie#(moans) i am telling
(moans) i am telling#(moans) now what ?
(moans) now what ?#aw sweetie you saved me well i promise that wherever you go in this world i will always be there for you
aw sweetie you saved me well i promise that wherever you go in this world i will always be there for you#oh maggie i love you from the tip of your toes to the bow on your hair with the red blinking light god bless your mother for making you with me
oh maggie i love you from the tip of your toes to the bow on your hair with the red blinking light god bless your mother for making you with me#whatcha watchin' honey ?
(sniffles) homer simpson you are a strong finisher#and i am good at beginnings
(sighs)#(happy humming)
what is the matter homer ?#not a thing in the world
yeah i wish i could say the same#moe this was a great thing for you you went from sitting on the sidelines to getting in the game and sometime when you least expect it you will realize that someone loved you and that means someone can love you again and that'll make you smile
int homer's car  continuous)#well i am glad they suspended milhouse he is a bad influence on you
well i am glad they suspended milhouse he is a bad influence on you#(confidentially) you know i think milhouse is "el barto" hmmmm
(confidentially) you know i think milhouse is "el barto" hmmmm#and now you are gonna visit your grampa while i park around the corner and take a nap
chocolate chip for donald low sodium for abe "not made by immigrants" for sam and imaginary for major preston#do not shake your fist at me
i spend a lot of time working with this mentallychallenged guy why here he is now lookin' good homer#(nods) boy (walks off)
just wait#(suddenly scared) look man i do not want any trouble c'mon  here here just take my wallet leave me alone okay ? (scared noise)
we believe lisa is suffering from environment related despair#(sob) oh it is even worse when you know it has a name
(unsure) lisa is a little young to be taking "happy pills"#marge we came to an appointment in the middle of the day that is the most a parent can do
marge we came to an appointment in the middle of the day that is the most a parent can do#we done here ?
um if this girl i am seeing comes here and she might i would not mind if you told her i was the kind of boy that does the dishes#(sarcastic) yeah busboys get all the chicks (chuckles)
(through tears) i can not believe she dumped me#(gently) son girls come and go but you will always have your family
(thinks then bigger sobs)#(sobs) i know i know (loud sobs)
maybe we should just check out the street performers#(unimpressed) big deal i could juggle five pins if they let me use a unicycle
(laughs)#("what does it say") 'ut 'uz it 'ay ?
(laugh)#(chuckles) oh man i love saturdays
(satisfied sigh) i can not wait to tell everyone#oh this is great honey thanks for telling me about it i hope you do not mind i invited lenny
ext boardwalk  later that day)#ooh lambkebab
ooh lambkebab#ooh chickenkebab
ooh chickenkebab#ooh firekebab
dad yes#(pained noise) water
(chuckles)#why you little
why you little#(furious) burn barty burn (enraged noise)
(upbeat) no it will not  if he wants me to do something he will just write it down#("is it complimentary") is it 'omplimentawee ?
(sarcastic) yeah sure it is complimentary#(excited) it is ? ("hey everybody check out my compliment") 'ey everyody 'eck out i 'ompliment
(excited) it is ? ("hey everybody check out my compliment") 'ey everyody 'eck out i 'ompliment#(sad moan)
got it#(holding up two fingers) i held up two for "peely"
oh i thought that was a y for "yanky" i will make a note in your chart that you are not always clear#well at least i can eat again
well at least i can eat again#mmm cherry
mmm cherry#too much cherry
too much cherry#ooh lemon that'll stop the cherry
ooh lemon that'll stop the cherry#doctor why is this happening to me ?
homer you have become a supertaster the mildest spices will overwhelm your tongue even a taco could drive you insane (sad chuckle)#i can not eat tacos ? (to lisa growing concern) oh my god  what day of mayo is it ?
cinco#ayyiyiyiyi
try these beets i boiled all the red out#(pained) i still taste overtones of pink
dad i have got the perfect thing#(cautious chewing noise then small pleased noise) hm it feels like food but it has no flavor whatsoever
it is mac and cheese from the school cafeteria the blandest food known to man#(eager) what else do they got ?
tofu cubes tidy joes chili con cottage cheese#(delighted noise)
pecan blandies cream of steam you guess 'ems#man who comes up with this stuff ?
lunch card (rings up card) lunch card (rings up card) lunch card ?#do not have one
(sotto) dad what are you doing here ?#son from now on i am eating all my meals here at school  with you
what ? no#oh come on relax i will not embarrass you
three dollars and eightyfive cents#uh can i work it off ? (to bart) do not worry i will not embarrass you
i will start you on jello#(sings) oh i am big and yellow / and i am servin' jello / if you are a fellow and you want some jello / you would better bellow / hey big guy / gimme some jello
(sings) oh i am big and yellow / and i am servin' jello / if you are a fellow and you want some jello / you would better bellow / hey big guy / gimme some jello#upbupbup no jello for you bart  it will keep you up at night like last week when you crawled into bed with me and mommy ?
(point at bart laugh)#sure is hot back here
sure is hot back here#hey there we go
hey there we go#(to bart loud whisper) do not worry i will not embarrass you
i used to date your daughter#buddy i am here to eat not make interesting conversation
dad do you have to hang out at my school ? it is bad enough i have to be here three days a week#(dignified) well i know when i am not wanted (beat curious) am i wanted ?
no#(moans)
(moans)#(introducing self) hi homer simpson mind if i sit near your son ? mine sucks
albany (clap) annapolis (clap) atlanta (clap) augusta (clap) austin (clap) baton rouge (clap) bismarck (clap) boise (clap) boston (clap) capital city (clap) carson city (clap)#(genuinely impressed) wow he is terrified of you
that is why i am here  to make sure he gets good grades#whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa  you come to school to help him get good grades ? is not that why we pay public school teachers those enormous salaries ?
well call me overinvolved but some day your son will be my son's chauffeur#well i hope your son enjoys being driven around by the president of the united states
(bored dumb laughter)#(realizing) yeah you do not see many presidents doing that maybe lbj  you know at the end
it is not your son's fault it is yours you have to hover over your kid's shoulder to force him to succeed it is called "helicopter parenting"#i do not have to "helicopter" bart  i have got a backup plan called "lisa"
(mean titters)#oh my god my son's a loser and my daughter's a loner (pissed) way to go marge
int simpson home  later that day)#marge where have you been ?
well i#no time i will just deduce where you were from a list of possibilities in my head
no time i will just deduce where you were from a list of possibilities in my head#that makes sense movin' on
that makes sense movin' on#(serious) if we do not get more involved in their lives bart and lisa are gonna be failures failures who work for (disgusted) noah
(relaxed) noah i like that name noahhh (trying it out different ways) noah noah#are not you the one that usually worries about stuff ?
(chilled out) am i ?#if marge does not worry about the kids then that leaves (gasps) me help me mayonnaise
ext springfield elementary  the next day  establishing)#(worried) look at all these helicopter parents i hope bart's doing okay on his own
(falsetto) lalalalalalalalala#(gasps) there is no future in that
do not forget children  monday is the balsawood modelbuilding competition the american balsa council will award this year's winner a thousanddollar savings bond for their college education#(gasps) a thousand dollars ? that is what my house is worth
int hallway  continuous)#time to take control of my son's life let's see what can he build
time to take control of my son's life let's see what can he build#too obvious
too obvious#gotta be something from earth
gotta be something from earth#you are no help
you are no help#perfect
my mistake#i did it i helped my son helicopter homer away (helicopter noises)
i did it i helped my son helicopter homer away (helicopter noises)#black hawk down black hawk down
(humming noise)#lisa i found this book in the "what is wrong with my daughter" section of the bookstore
lisa i found this book in the "what is wrong with my daughter" section of the bookstore#it tells you how you can get popular
dad if i join a clique i will be the kind of person i hate#sweetie our country was founded by a clique the continental congress dolphins swim in cliques those are my two examples
(nods) hmm well they are good ones#and to show you how this book works i will demonstrate on some rats
int moe's  day)#(loud whisper) let's try what chapter seven calls "unsults"  insults disguised as compliments (normal voice) hey lenny  it takes a lot of courage to wear suspenders when you are not in the circus
well that is very nice of you (realizing) hey you sayin' my clothes are clownlike ? oh god i feel so insecure please be my friend#(to lisa) see it works and unsults are just the beginning there is also envytations hatehugs spamming with faint praise and (stagy) hey everyone wanna go get frozen yogurt ?
i do / yeah / you know it / oh boy#ooo i am sorry moe i did not mean everyone everyone hope you do not mind
(sobs like teenage girl then clearly says) if i did not sell booze they probably would not even come here (sobs some more)#and that my dear girl is called the toledo takeback
dad i do not want to hurt people's feelings#i see well maybe you are not ready for this book it is more of a big girl thing
i am a big girl i am a big girl#(sneaky chuckle)
we'd like some balsa wood please#enough to build a washington monument
what scale are you using ?#(offended) what cologne are you wearing ? none of your business now we'd like our washington monument to be one fivehundredth the size of the real one
(laughing to himself) washington monument ? are not you gonna even try ?#what do you mean ? and who are you ?
i am your son's principal and the washington monument is the most uninspired model choice there is it is like saying "i do not care my kid's a loser"#but you
but you#what is the hardest model there is ?
hmm that would be westminster abbey#attention parents children and childless weirdoes my son and i are going to build (dramatically) westminster abbey
you will not get past the north transept#hey how hard can it be ? all we have to do is follow the directions
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#marge the boy and i will be making westminster abbey
(mellow) blabby's gonna build an abbey groovy (makes peace sign)#but first as part of "operation popularity" lisa and i are hosting a decorateyourowncellphone party in the back yard
but first as part of "operation popularity" lisa and i are hosting a decorateyourowncellphone party in the back yard#(gasps) brittany and kaitlin are here where is my sprayon tan ?
(gasps) brittany and kaitlin are here where is my sprayon tan ?#(upset) ant poison ? (moans) why do i always read the labels after ?
(upset) ant poison ? (moans) why do i always read the labels after ?#(to girls) ladies we have got it all rhinestones stickers tassels everything to make those hundred dollar phones look like five dollar toys
(loud squeal of delight)#i am such a great parent to both my kids
i am such a great parent to both my kids#(sweetly) hello little girl who do you belong to ?
(sweetly) hello little girl who do you belong to ?#hey boy why do not i do that for you ?
is not this supposed to be my project ?#all the other parents are doing it for their kids now stand back and i will take it from here a little further back
do you want me to watch and learn ?#naw that kinda creeps me out
naw that kinda creeps me out#must finish poet's corner or bart will work for noah with his hot mom
must finish poet's corner or bart will work for noah with his hot mom#(snoring noises)
(snoring noises)#(moans) that is not henry the seventh it is henry the sixth stupid stupid stupid
(british accent) homer do not give up till you finish my dear abbey#geoffrey chaucer ? what are you doing here ?
(british accent) that is terrible advice#anne of cleves
(like dr smith from "lost in space") oh and where is this delightful boy ?#oscar wilde ?
one is not getting what one wants and the other is getting it#but that makes no sense
"experience" is simply the name we give to our mistakes#(aggravated) shut up
these days man knows the price of everything and the value of nothing#whatever happened to "boo ?"
ext springfield elementary  the next day)#now we could smash the real westminster abbey so it looks like this
now we could smash the real westminster abbey so it looks like this#(moans) there are no flights to london till five
(to bart) congratulations son at least you followed the rules#yes yes in your face losers this helicopter is taking off ("woosh woosh woosh" helicopter noises)
no stop the hovering#(helicopter slowing down noise)
"experience is simply the name we give to our mistakes" i saw him too dad#i am sorry i got carried away from now on the only thing i will ever do for you is cosign if you want a gun but at least i made lisa popular
i am sorry i got carried away from now on the only thing i will ever do for you is cosign if you want a gun but at least i made lisa popular#"i h8 this ?" (puzzled noise)
i am sorry dad these girls are nice on the surface but it is hard work staying this shallow i hope you understand#(nods) yeah it is clear to me now the best thing i can do as a parent is simply check out
no there is a middle ground#lisa a light bulb is either on or it is off
not if you use a dimmer switch#that is what the dimmer switch companies want you to think
what is wrong homie ?#i tried to fix the kids' lives but instead i led them to rich and rewarding personal decisions of their own
well i know a place in this house where you can really relax#that mattress the dog sleeps on in the cellar ?
no i gave that to the homeless shelter#(moans) it was stuffed with cash
feeling better super dad ?#oh yeah
(makeout noises)#(chuckles) i feel like i have died and gone to hell
springfield elementary's rating is so low it is more than two standard deviations below the norm#(moans) i can not understand that math reference because i went to springfield elementary
(gasp)#we can not afford to move to waverly hills their house prices have commas in them as it is our lawn is just greenpainted cement
wait wait wait you are putting us in a new school ? what about my friends ?#(mocking) oh elementary school friends  those are forever you are always gonna be friends with milhouse (sarcastic singing) stand by me / oh stand by me
ext red blazer real estate office  day  establishing)#i need to rent an apartment in the worst part of waverly hills  the crappier the better
ah so cheap eh ?#(bowing) "ahso sheepay" to you
int waverly hills apartments  various  day)#i can not afford this place  it is way too fancy
i can not afford this place  it is way too fancy#sometimes there is not a train going by
sometimes there is not a train going by#four walls ? (unconvinced noise) i was thinking more of something in a two or three
no windows no parking and a man died here#yeah um well i am looking at a lot of murder sites right now where is the bedroom ?
right here#(strokes chin) tempting tempting where is the bathroom ?
in the ethiopian restaurant at the end of the block#i will take it
ext waverly hills  day)#waverly hills / that is where i want to be / squatting in waverly hills / waverly hills / get education fraudulently / moochin' off waverly hills
it is just a formality to make sure you actually live here (leans in) some people use the address just so their kids can go to our schools#(faking indignation) ha i can see them now with their bald heads and their bluehaired wives how i despise them
(to homer  la anton chigurh) call it friendo#(scared) heads i mean tails i mean on its side
well done now let me validate your parking#(checks ticket) that is not enough
(checks ticket) that is not enough#thank you
ext homer's waverly hills apt bldg  night  establishing)#goodnight marge
it is so kind of you to live there so our kids can go to a better school#when do i get to move back home ?
you just have to stay there until that psychopathic school inspector makes a surprise visit you can come home when the heat's off#the heat is off the hissing from the radiator is a snake
please just stay there till bart graduates high school#(moans) that is another twenty or thirty years
(moans) that is another twenty or thirty years#(long dreading moan as bed closes)
(long dreading moan as bed closes)#where am i ?
brought you a housewarming present#that was great you mind if i use that at work ?
hey are you into poker ?#well i love to play but i am not very good also i always forget to cash my chips back in for money
this mancrush just got bromantic#(pleased) you make words into dudes
she did not even know who alaska nebraska was#(yelling) your hair smells nice
int homer's apartment building  night)#s'open
int homer's apartment  continuous)#marge i am glad you came there is a kegger down the hall we can go as soon as i desecrate this corpse
marge i am glad you came there is a kegger down the hall we can go as soon as i desecrate this corpse#eat butt skyboyninetyfour i am sorry marge where are my manners ? did you want to taunt my kill also ? (offers controller) press the x button
int party apartment  night)#(to marge) i will get us some brewskies
(to marge) i will get us some brewskies#cup m'lady ? or would you care to funnel it down thy throat ?
definitely a cup#(polite) foam wasn't spilt in a day
does she have a sister ?#(matteroffact) two actually twins
int party  hallway  later)#(flirty) i was an astronaut for a little bit (rueful) so many rules (sips beer)
(shy giggle)#listen i got a place down the hall
(sexy) we do not need a bed we are not gonna be sleeping#woohoo
woohoo#we are not the only ones having a good time
int homer's apartment  continuous)#maybe you could come over again i will cook you my special microwave burritos i stop the oven when the middle is still a little bit frozen
(smiles) you know what a girl likes mister (coy) so can i see you again ?#how 'bout you me and my wife have a twoway ? (chuckles)
i love tapas it is like appetizers for a meal that never comes (giggles)#(sly) try the flan de leche de cabra
(sly) try the flan de leche de cabra#(suave) be sure to dig around in the gunk
(seductive) and i have got a present for you but you will have to wait till we are back at the apartment#(slightly indignant) why can not i have it now ? you got your present here basic fairness dictates (suddenly getting it) oh (chuckle)
surprise i redecorated#where are my videogames ? my xbox ? my wii ?
you do not need a wii now that i am here because you and me make "us"#you know you are starting to remind me a lot of my first wife
we can talk about that after brunch with my mother#(moans)
wait i want to ask you something#what movie ?
where have you been ? we have mirrors to hang#i went to a movie
(upset) without me ? how'd you get there ?#i drove
(upset) without me ?#(groans) sometimes i think this fifty square foot apartment is not big enough for the both of us
(holds up book) "go dog go" with pages missing (holds up indeterminate lego sculpture) lego spaceship poorly assembled clearly this is the home of elementary school children too bad i was looking forward to killing you and making it look like a suicide#thank you friendo
i am not your friendo#(hurt) but i thought you said
int homer's apartment  continuous)#i can not leave my bachelor pad my bros'll miss me
your comments when we watch movies are not funny#(defensive) why do you watch comedies if you do not want to hear more jokes ?
please i just want to go back to a place where i am ostracized for being me not for who i pretend to be#what do you think marge ? maybe we have outgrown our first apartment
get a room#c'mon boy be cool
but#be cool or you are grounded
ext finger looking good nail salon  day  establishing)#marge i need some bribe money
deal#thanks marge but do not forget there is still gonna be a civil suit
(annoyed noise) i would not be stuck washing costumes if my husband had a better role#well i may be playing a tree but at least i am getting my face out there
well i may be playing a tree but at least i am getting my face out there#(sad moan)
i thought i was marrying a man who could play macbeth#hey there is no way i could ever be as good as that guy
(sotto to homer) i think mel would be happier as an understudy (ominous) a sixfeetunderstudy#you are not suggesting murder
wouldst thou live a coward in thine own esteem letting "i dare not" wait upon "i would ?"#whatever you say sweetie
(sleeping noise then) snore (sleeping noise then) snore#(moans) a prop knife
(dying) out out brief candle / life's but a walking shadow#he who laughs last laughs dead
he who laughs last laughs dead#why does everyone around here talk that crazy talk ?
(dying) that "crazy talk" is the work of the immortal bard william shakespeare#well if you see him in heaven tell him he sucks
int theater  onstage  continuous)#stay you imperfect speakers tell me more / (struggling to remember) by sinel's death i know i am thane of glamis uh tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow (counting on fingers) today's tuesday so that would make it friday and then uh (big finish) shakespeare
(selma) you do not even know your lines#(reading school girl voice) "conrad birdie ? coming here to sweet apple ?" (excited noise)
that is "byebye birdie"#(reading from script) "dammit morpheus not everyone believes what you believe"
that is the screenplay for "the matrix reloaded"#(annoyed grunt)
int moe's  later)#(eager) i can not wait for the reviews
(grabs one reads happily) "tonight the springfield community playhouse was bathed in the light of a brilliant new star (mad) dr hibbert as banquo ?"#who the hell is banquo ?
(glowers) he is the one getting the good reviews (sotto to homer) which makes him the next one you have got to kill#would not it be easier if i just took acting lessons ?
screw your courage to the stickingplace and we will not fail#that is inspiring what is that from ? xmen 2 ?
(losing it) macbeth#macwho ?
(reads angrily) "in last night's 'macbeth' the best performance was barney gumbel as duncan followed by duffman as macduff lenny leonard as lennox eddie and lou as the two soldiers without lines then last and least the lead homer simpson"#why do they write a new review of this play every single day ?
all i heard was more names of actors you have not killed (bitter) unless you are not man enough#(droopy voice) no dear i am a man dear
(droopy voice) no dear i am a man dear#(to conga beat) killing makes me hungry
(to conga beat) killing makes me hungry#eating makes me thirsty
eating makes me thirsty#drinking makes me sleepy
int springfield theater  backstage  later)#(sobs) well at least you can not nag me anymore
that is where you are wrong get out on that stage#ow
okay homer it is our last performance you are the only actor that is still alive and there is nobody in the audience  this is your moment i will be in my office going over the books on my subway sandwich franchise you call a sandwich maker an artist it is like an invitation to steal a guy's goin' naninooni bananas in there#(takes breath) it is my moment
int theater  onstage  later)#tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow creeps in this petty pace from day to day to the last syllable of recorded time and all our yesterdays have lighted fools the way to dusty death out out brief candle life's but a walking shadow a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and then is heard no more
henry the fifth titus andronicus#me having to read all those plays would be the real tragedy
alright maggie today is parentteacher day so i want everyone to see how uncreative and beatendown you have become (baby talk) that is right you are beatendown yes you are#goodbye fat me
int mrs krabappel's car  later)#i do not know how you put up with all these kids toohey if i were you there'd be a lot of strangled babies
do not you lattsipping leeches understand ? i have seen enough of these hollywood superhunks  we need a dumpy unappealing loser  an everyman#can you help me out ? i need change for a dollar oh i also need a dollar
you are acceptable#great do you want to see me naked ?
oh there is no nudity in this movie#(excited) let's go around the table and everybody say one amazing thing that happened to them today lisa ?
well i qualified for the national math bee#great okay marge go
guess who the garden club elected president ?#you ? awesome next
(sadly to herself) no i lost#eh they can go to hell bart ?
dr hibbert found out my thyroid is not pumping out enough#time's up okay maggie "suck suck" that takes us to me (hums superhero fanfare)
"suck suck" that takes us to me (hums superhero fanfare)#some hollywood idiots hired me to star in a movie
homer we have a problem#fine i will give back the oscars i stole from the lobby
fine i will give back the oscars i stole from the lobby#do you want the golden globe ?
we need you to slim down muscle up and become the "everyman" people want to be instead of the one they actually are#i do not know if i can i am a yoyo dieter "yo hot dog man" "yo peanuts" (chuckles then serious) why are not you laughing ? do not you know what "yo" means ?
maybei can help lyle mccarthy#finally the answer to my problem what do you do ?
here's what brad and angelina looked like before they met me#hm they look good with a little meat on their bones
homer do you know why you eat ?#(guessing) because i am swallowing my frustrations and disappointments ?
something bad happens and you cope by cramming a donut in your mouth#yeah well you do not always have time to masturbate (masturbate beepedout)
i am gonna teach you healthy emotional alternatives to eating we do not have much time so we will do it in a montage to the song "eye of the tiger"#oh that song's a little on the nose can we do it to david bowie's "heroes ?"
yeah it is your montage#this montage sounds really exhausting how 'bout i just do a walking around sad montage ?
no#a montage of me turning a ragtag little league team into state runnersup ?
no#me using funny modes of transportation like a hot air balloon and a camel and finally a pickup truck full of chickens ? then i get out of the truck and go thank the driver but then i see the driver is a chicken ?
int private gym  continuous)#(doing pushups) ten thousand one ten thousand two aaaand fit (leaps to his feet)
i gotta take this (into phone) tobey cider house rules (to homer under breath) total wuss (then into phone) seabiscuit you keepin' off the sugar cubes ? (to homer whispers) i hate this guy (then into phone) i love this guy tobe tobe tobe we talked about this  if the rice ain't brown do not chow down look i gotta bail i am with everyman right now no no no no no do not worry he totally sucks (to homer whispers) i am only lying to him (into phone) goodbye (to homer whispers) badbye#(excited) was that tobey maguire ?
(excited) was that tobey maguire ?#but how will i keep from overeating ?
(sexily) and sexy (heroic) heroic (sexily) sexy (heroic) heroic (sexily) and sexy (heroic) heroic earn that money#found this on the roof
and cut#what'd you think kids ?
what was that ?#your other hand (chuckles)
oscar take a shower or a tomato bath or something please#this life is the greatest i get paid a fortune i have got a closet full of free sneakers and watches and i get to hire my friends
(muffled) i am being paid to do what i love#(chuckles) a lot of things come and go in life but not fame and fitness
homer ? homer sapian can i have a word with you ? i know this is a bad time but i am leaving for another gig#(bitterly) is that all this temporary job was to you a gig ?
just remember what i taught you#but you taught me the only people who can stay thin are those who can afford five thousand dollar a week nutritional consultants
i have taught you well goodbye#(choked up) he is gone
(choked up) he is gone#one cheese cube could not hurt
one cheese cube could not hurt#oh this other cheese cube's stuck to the first one well that still technically counts as one
oh this other cheese cube's stuck to the first one well that still technically counts as one#it is bad luck to eat an even number of cheese cubes
it is bad luck to eat an even number of cheese cubes#(eating noises then sobs) do not look at me do not look at me
(eating noises then sobs) do not look at me do not look at me#(beat) you you watch (resumes eating)
avery i swear you are the only man in gothamopolis who is never seen everyman#(coyly) well one thing's for sure i am not everyman
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#oh marge i am ready for some lovin'
(woozy noise)#marge speak to me
i think you may have put on a little weight#nag nag nag
ext kwikemart  day  establishing)#apu i have to lose weight now do you have anything that'll make me vomit ?
(ominous) whatever you do do not chew the chunks#(mouth halffull worried) uhoh
ext aztec movie theater  day)#how ya doin' man ?
everyman show yourssself#i am right here i have been here all along
what happened dude ? you went from everyman to everywhereman#what happened is you left who did you leave me for ? (breaking down) tell me i can take it (sobs)
(serious) okay it was turtle from "entourage"#i knew it
it is how i make my money#just you and me ?
(shrugs) you me and turtle#(a little intrigued) that could work
he is a great guy (loud whisper to homer) he is an awful guy#you just said both those things to me
though legislation was passed to insure everyman was never seen on screens again he remains in the hearts of every man woman and child looking for justice or just hoping to see bad people beaten up#(small voice) i am so cold
you know krabappel just needs to chill out and realize life is cool but how ?#(giddy giggling)
(giddy giggling)#okay now i will be the dog and you be the daddy
okay now i will be the dog and you be the daddy#(happy mouthfull laughing noises)
int bart's classroom  night)#okay look there is a big football game on tonight so we can get this thing over real quick show me some of bart's artwork give me a little false hope and here's a little something to help with his grades
okay look there is a big football game on tonight so we can get this thing over real quick show me some of bart's artwork give me a little false hope and here's a little something to help with his grades#i am not asking for a's just incompletes
(laughs)#(to self) it will be his last birthday if he keeps drawing pictures like this
what ?#i said are there any areas that we his parents can improve upon ?
relax you are clearly a caring father#you are the first teacher that ever got me
let it out let it out#(increasingly more violent sobs)
dad am i bad on the inside ?#no but the layers of bad on your surface go almost all the way to the center
(scared noise)#(unsure) hm i do not know  kernels are kind of big
(sad sigh) listen i was thinkingif someone did a really bad thing to one teacher and then did the same bad thing to another teacher to get the first teacher her job back would it be okay ?#when you say "teacher" do you really mean "parent ?"
no i mean teacher#great go nuts but remember we never had this discussion
(knowing) what discussion ?#(annoyed) the one we just had about you doing bad things you stupid kid (then getting it) ohhh
(screams)#woo hoo there is no better violence than selfinflicted violence
woo hoo there is no better violence than selfinflicted violence#(agonized noise)
(sweetly) thanks for bringing me here dad i will remember this day on my deathbed#(upbeat) not everyone has a deathbed son  you could die suddenly
whoa maybe some punk kid will shoot me to get into a gang#(warmly) maybe
stupid romans#(sotto nudging bart) ask him
(in awe) sir could you sign my program with a swear word ?#(wine connoisseur) ah yes filthy but obscure with a subtle scatological undertone
sure no problem twentyfive dollars please#pay the man boy
pay the man boy#now listen son i know we saw some awesome beatdowns tonight but remember do not try this at home do it at the schoolyard someplace where if you get hurt we can sue not just them but the school the county the state and that jackass joe biden
kill kill kill kill#(volume reducing) kill kill (whispered) kill
tell her dad you love ultimate punching even more than i do#(slightly robotic) ultimate punching is exploitative violent and a bad influence on our young people studies have shown your mother is right
chocolate whipped cream cherries (points to marge) she got to you with a piece of black forest cake#(cracking) it wasn't just a piece  it was the whole cake (sobs) frosting (sobs) like snow (sobs) on the eaves of a bavarian castle (sobs)
(disgusted) glad you did not come cheap#i could not help it she knew my one weakness  that i am weak
(chanting) one two / we say boo / three four / stop the gore#(chanting) five six / who is got tix ?
(ecstatic cheers)#what'd i miss ?
mom you can not fight that guy#yeah marge he will knock your block off your beautiful block
(flattered) thank you homie#listen of all the crazy things i have ever done this is the craziest and you are doing it
or kick the crap out of you#watch your language moron
someone's gotta stop her from going through with this fight this goes against every feminist bone in my body but dad can not you control your woman ?#how can i control her ? i have nothing to withhold
(melodramatic) i know the woman i loved is still in there somewhere behind all this nonsense#we have gotta get marge some professional training carl do you know heavyweight champ drederick tatum ?
(offended) what ? you think just 'cause i am black i know all other black people ?#well i uh
"beat slay shove"#i will bash him with this book
homer hajime (hazhemay)#(jiujitsu noise)
he feels no pain#(small anguished moan)
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#(seductive) marge i bet we have got ten minutes till the kids wake up
there must be a better way#(imitating marge) there certainly is
(imitating marge) there certainly is#marge simpson reporting for duty (marge murmur)
(to homer) well let's go "marge" my class reunion starts in an hour#uh moe i have a confession to make i am just homer dressed as marge
yeah but last year i took barney dressed as marge think how much better they will think you look#well you would better not leave me and talk to your old friends all night
(ravenous zombielike eating sounds)#(sincere) marge i tried my best to talk you out of this but since you are going through with it i beg you just stay out of his way and do not get hurt
int sports arena  continuous)#i will save you marge
i will save you marge#(strangled noise)
(protective roar)#woo hoo
two drunk guys were fighting outside and everyone went to watch#ooo ooo can i go marge ? can i ? can i ?
(playful) no let's go home (frisky) we can enjoy some mixed "marital" arts#(playful) no holds barred (chuckles)
we start with grade a beef feed that to other cows then kill them and serve the unholy results on a sevengrain bun burger squared (krusty laugh)#(delighted) the math checks out
the munchers got moe#well we are not going out to help him we have no idea what hideous creatures might be out there
please let me in#how do i know you are not a muncher ?
(sweet) i am your father and i need your help#i can not make sense of that muncher talk
dad no that is the last book in the world#really ?
oh my god if bart could eat the burger and survive then maybe he can yield the key to an antimuncher vaccine#then we must keep this boy safe from harm
(choking noise)#better call dr hibbert
you must get him immediately to the safe zone just outside of town (poignant) and if you see my wife tell her i love her#you mean tell her i love her ? or i meaning you ?
(screams)#(shrugs) i will just highfive her
(shrugs) i will just highfive her#(hushed) now remember no loud noises (loud) oh man that breeze feels good
(hushed) now remember no loud noises (loud) oh man that breeze feels good#to the panic room
we do not have a panic room#to the panic room store
come with me if you want to live#another politician who can not keep his promises
(loud whisper) this way#(shrugs) well this day can not get any crazier
(bonks head) ow (bonks head) ow (bonks head) ow ow quit it ow quit it#well well well
well well well#who is an unproductive worker now ?
who is an unproductive worker now ?#got your nose (chuckles)
got your nose (chuckles)#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#why you
homie where have you been ?#(zombie noise)
dad are you becoming a muncher ?#(indignant) i think the better brains is are you brains a brains ? (ferocious zombie noise)
where do you want it the mouth or the eyes ?#(zombielike) ooo mouth
(sings) just once i wish cupid / would draw back his bow / and shoot me a cutie / whose standards are low#woo hoo an unattended tap like takin' beer from a baby
(sings same tune) i am unlucky in love / i am unlucky in luck#(screams then loud pained noise)
he what ?#helllp me
that uh that is me i have been taking ventriloquism lessons (nervous laugh)#help me or kill me
read on it gets gayer#(talksings) while turning gay the other day / a thought occurred to me
(talksings) while turning gay the other day / a thought occurred to me#i'd like to try most every guy / from here to timbuktee
i'd like to try most every guy / from here to timbuktee#(then sings fastpaced) oh there is so many men around the world of every shape and size / i want to nibble on jamaican jerks and teriyaki thighs
(then sings fastpaced) oh there is so many men around the world of every shape and size / i want to nibble on jamaican jerks and teriyaki thighs#i want to french kiss a frenchman and spoon an english duke / 'cause frankly dear to not be queer just makes me want to puke
i want to french kiss a frenchman and spoon an english duke / 'cause frankly dear to not be queer just makes me want to puke#so find yourself a man who'll want you in the sack
so find yourself a man who'll want you in the sack#i recommend / our dear old friend / bartender moe szyslak
(simultaneous) i/you could do#(singing furious finale) she could not possibly do worse
homer ? (hopeful) does this mean you still love me ?#of course i do marge can you still love a man (indicates pipes) who is halfbeer ?
i always have#to love
definitely handsoff he did not mind if we punched in a little late or not at all#or that we made a few adjustments to the soda machine
ah i expect you are all anxiously awaiting my choice for your new supervisor#can not we just all supervise ourselves ?
(considering) hmm#woohoo our boss is our best buddy
the nitwits are runnin' the goofhouse#yeah
yeah#hey carl why are not you highfiving ?
and the first beer's on me#you see he has not changed
ext nuclear plant  day  establishing)#(giggles) hey carl look how i messed with the names on the softball signup sheet (holds up sheet giggling) it is delicious you know how smitty's name is smitty ? well not anymore  i changed the "m" to a
(sharply) that'll do homer#(defeated) to a "p" spitty 'cause he spits when he talks
he had to have part of his tongue removed that is real funny#(small sad noise) oh well i did not know that (hangs head)
great safety report homer  no meltdowns all week i am making you my new executive assistant#(suspicious) why can not i keep the job i have now whatever it is ?
(suspicious) why can not i keep the job i have now whatever it is ?#not an option big fella either you are my assistant or you find a job elsewhere  and in this economy elsewhere ain't hirin'
not an option big fella either you are my assistant or you find a job elsewhere  and in this economy elsewhere ain't hirin'#(sulky) oh fine i guess i am at your beck
and call#(agonized) nooooooo
homie everyone loved my calendar but only you get to flip the pages#(remembering) calendar oh my god i forgot to move carl's twelvethirty to twothirty
(remembering) calendar oh my god i forgot to move carl's twelvethirty to twothirty#(panicked) his astrologist will show up at the same time as his astronomer this is not good this is not good
(droopy voice) who am i kidding ?#marge would you mind if we just cuddle ?
(frustrated) cuddling's for after#(snoring noises then kissing noises snoring noises then kissing noises)
(sweetly) tomorrow my love#stupid carl (imitating) "update the phone list homer" "you put my contact lenses in backwards homer" (exasperated noise) i am sorry honey
book me a massage#(short scream) leave me alone you two
(short scream) leave me alone you two#(muffled sobs)
homie ?#honey i know it is been a rough couple of weeks but i booked us a night this saturday at a very romantic hotel
(hopeful) garden view ?#(even better) ocean view obstructed
int ("shutters"type) hotel  continuous)#all right i put in a hundredhour work week but i took a powernap while i was driving us here and now i am rarin' to go
"nuzzle neck" with pleasure#(giggles then) lemme try
(giggles then) lemme try#"lick eyes" um i will try again (throws again) "spank hair" what the ? (throws again) "whisper into ass" (moans) this game sucks
why do not you just roll me ?#(sleepy) we are gonna be (yawns) snore in the morning
dammit why will not you touch me ?#okay kiss me baby kiss me like a frog in a fairytale
okay kiss me baby kiss me like a frog in a fairytale#(passionate noise)
(on phone) great news homer i have been invited to the annual nuclearpower expo in paris france that is right  we are going to fission week#(girlish excited squeal)
ext simpson house  dawn)#i will make it up to you marge i swear
last night was the making it up to me the most intimate moment we shared this week was my ironing your shirts#actually those were carl's shirts
(frustrated noise) i can not believe you are gonna spend another weekend with him#hey it is not like i want to go (to cabbie) go go go
int plane  continuous)#(reading) okay fission week kicks off on monday with a reception by the international proton council (leaning in gossipy) word is protons are the new electrons
you know homer when i was your age it was the future "cause i am younger than you just something to think about#i will edamame ?
thank you um#(whispers into ear urgently) french nuclear commissioner etienne ducharme
when we get back to the hotel i want you to extend our stay indefinitely#(worried) but i have to get back to marge
ext paris  the same time)#( la "y'ello") bonjour
(mad) homer there is a moth in my room where are you ?#where i should've been all along
where i should've been all along#in springfield
what ? homer return to the immortal city of light at once or you are fired#oh i do not think so you know that woman you have been playing "hide the baguette" with ? she is the first lady of france carla bruni
int barn  anteroom  continuous)#if you fire me i will call president sarkozy and he will be all over you like truffaut on hitchcock
if you fire me i will call president sarkozy and he will be all over you like truffaut on hitchcock#you would not dare
you would not dare#oh would not i ? just listen
int palace  continuous)#(french accent) allo you are getting cozy with sarkozy
(french accent) allo you are getting cozy with sarkozy#(worried noise) okay okay you win
(thrilled) homie you are back#hey ned
hey ned#marge i believe we have a little unfinished business come with me
boy that was worth the wait#now it is my turn to roll the dice wanna kiss them for me ?
now it is my turn to roll the dice wanna kiss them for me ?#classic (chuckles)
dad how can you call it a ski weekend if we are going home at dawn on sunday ?#gotta leave early to beat the traffic now to get on route twoohfive and it is a straight shot home (smug chuckle then shocked noise) for crying out
gotta leave early to beat the traffic now to get on route twoohfive and it is a straight shot home (smug chuckle then shocked noise) for crying out#(angry noise) i hate traffic  the band and the phenomenon
(very annoying) bonk it twist it smack it thwack it whack it bonk it bop it#i can not take it anymore
(even louder faster and more frenetic) bonk it twist it smack it (etc)#(annoyed grunt)
(revving up then more annoying than ever) bonkbonkbonk it twist it smack it thwack it whack it bonk it bop it twist it smack it thwack it bonk it bop it twist it smack it thwack it whack it#(sweetly) it is daddy's turn
(sweetly) it is daddy's turn#stomp it crush it kill it
(batteries dying) bonk it (slower) bonk it bonnnnk it#finally some peace and quiet
finally some peace and quiet#(moans) why do my actions have consequences ?
ext frozen lake  another area)#now kids we are about to get really cold then really warm (passes out)
now kids we are about to get really cold then really warm (passes out)#(groggy) bonk it twist it smack it
oh do not worry we do not kill it we just dip it#what happened ?
what happened is i saved your life now you's had a rough day why'n'tcha have a pull on this ?#where is the hooch ?
'ol betsy#a female that gives birth to alcohol
what is your take city boy ?#(sloshes liquor in mouth then swallows) well uh it is got a rich mash base and a sense of danger and i detect notes of elderberry tobacco oak (correcting) no poison oak and hints of game
things said in the circle have a surprising way of coming true#(faint) lisa lisa
text your mom to pick us up#oh sweetie i found you (scared) now who is gonna find us ? (loud) help
ext forest  hillbilly compound  night)#(nods) mmm not bad
(to homer angry) you said you were at a parenting class#marge please you are embarrassing me in front of the mob
that river led to the reservoir  which made anyone who drank the town's tap water also go temporarily blind#(skeptical) moonshine in the water ? i will be the judge of that
(skeptical) moonshine in the water ? i will be the judge of that#hmm (gasp) hillbilly moonshine  the little witch is right
no thank you i have been rational but nerdy my whole life but these past few weeks you girls made me feel cool (slightly amazed) cool me lisa simpson#(moan of pleasure)
well i think you are very interesting girls but from now on the only witch in lisa's life is which boy will marry her right homer ? homer ?#start the ride
start the ride#(giggles then) again
now we have seen how cookies crumble and soda gets its pop so let's take a close up look at america's favorite drop  the gumdrop#oooh
that is amazing#(aghast noises)
in outstanding lighting direction electronic multicamera for variety music or comedy programming we have a threeway tie#back to the horses back to the horses
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#gee lisa looks like tomorrow i will be shoveling ten feet of "global warming"
global warming can cause weather at both extremes  hot and cold#i see so you are saying "warming" makes it colder (sarcastic) well are not you the queen of crazyland ? everything's the opposite of everything ladedadeda i am lisa simpson ladedadeda (continues)
dad i want a baby brother#(chuckles) son i love you kids but i am only going to the hospital one more time in my life and i ain't comin' out
lisa got a sister why can not you have another boy ?#girls are easy girls love daddy girls make birthday cards with glitter on them girls can marry a hockey player and get me seats to hockey games girls do not steal my knivesand i do not have to tell girls how their bodies work 'cause i do not know
you never told me how my body works#point and shoot
int simpson house  foyer  evening)#(sniffs) do i smell tarragoncrusted atlantic salmon ?
bart's cooked us a fivecourse romantic dinner#you had me at "fivecourse" you lost me at "romantic" and you got me back at "dinner" (giggles)
(smitten) oh what a lovely evening#(flirty) and it is not over yet
(delighted gasps)#there comes a time in every marriage when it comes down to this do we eat dessert or do we make love ?
(optimistic) maybe we could do both#yeah
yeah#we could not do both
(coy) homer simpson look what the snuggle fairy left in our dvd player#(intrigued) hm people in other countries make love ? it is about time
"the yawning monkey ?" "the pair of tongs ?"#(excited) ooo look "congress of the crow"
okay#all right all right um your ankle goes there
uhhuh and now hand me your neck#and turn that upside down
mmhmm and swivel that till you hear a grinding noise#do not look at that
(pained screams)#(in pain) more vicodin and eggs please
oh barty i am sorry but your father and i think that three kids is just perfect#holy moly
int simpson garage  continuous)#oh sweet meerschaum take me away
oh sweet meerschaum take me away#uhoh
you are gonna be seeing a lot of him around the house#(welcoming) well welcome charlie nice to meet ya no glasses  way to go (to bart loud whisper) this one's a keeper
so many sisters save me bart#i know you miss him boy so let's you and me spend some quality father and son time
int movie theater  day)#(chuckles) that is so fake that is so fake i do not know how they (screams) too real
(chuckles) that is so fake that is so fake i do not know how they (screams) too real#oh c'mon (scared noise) look out what would that guy (scared noise) look out (laughs) that is funny
sounded like i said naked bacon#did somebody say "naked bacon ?"
see we all thought it was naked#yeah it sounded like naked bacon to me i do not know why they say you are the dumb guy tom
but if you#no you said "naked bacon"
well i will tell you you may both agree but folksingers never say take it naked bacon#do you guys know funky town ?
ext seaworldtype park  day  establishing)#oh i love going to aquatic parks  they have worse rides than amusement parks less fish than aquariums  but the parking is ample
oh i love going to aquatic parks  they have worse rides than amusement parks less fish than aquariums  but the parking is ample#now to seal you in for safety
in one minute we will be starting our rockquatic rolltacular#hurry if we do not get a seat in the splash zone i have worn my bathing suit under my clothes for nothing
you know i did sit on a shark once#(annoyed) dad bathing suit
(annoyed) dad bathing suit#oops no bathing suit
let's give a wet and wacky welcome to springfield's oldest performing mollusk#get to the show
(worried) slimu looks kind of uncomfortable#would not you be if you were a saltwater fish in a fresh water aquarium ?
seen the paper ?#no i get my news off the internet
well sir it looks like your dad is a quotable notable#it is funny it is poignant it actually happened (looks up stunned) my father is interesting ? the whole world's upside down that must mean cathy is funny
it is funny it is poignant it actually happened (looks up stunned) my father is interesting ? the whole world's upside down that must mean cathy is funny#(matter of fact) nope
"clark gable owes me a book and he never paid me for the shoeshine but his big blue eyes could melt the butter you kept in your pocket for lunch lunch butter we called it"#how come grampa never shares those stories with us ?
he does all the time you just never listen#marge my brain is like a computer and i file away grampa's stories in a very special place
marge my brain is like a computer and i file away grampa's stories in a very special place#hmm while i am up there
hmm while i am up there#(chuckles)
(chuckles)#uhoh
(intrigued) ooh i like this kid#oh dad i got you some scotch one of those fancy ones the checkout lady had to unlock the cabinet to get
this man's more of a son to me than you have ever been#what the ? (splutters) well he is more of a father to me than you have ever been
i do not think that is true#(to goldman) stay out of this dad
you only care about me now because i am famous#that is it here's your ring back
ring ? what ring ?#it is a fatherson commitment band that i bought and never told you about
this is not larry it is just cotton balls on toilet paper rolls where is the real larry ?#drop that pillow
and if this is homer you are too late for my love#stupid grampa i try to end the cycle of neglect and he hits me with some super neglect
maybe you are not really mad at grampa maybe you are mad at yourself for taking him for granted all these years#marge how can anyone be mad at himself ? it is impossible watch
marge how can anyone be mad at himself ? it is impossible watch#(mad) why you little (getting sentimental) oh i can not when i look at those beautiful chubby cheeks c'mere you
(mad) why you little (getting sentimental) oh i can not when i look at those beautiful chubby cheeks c'mere you#(anguished noise) i will kill you you sonofa (alternates love anger) do not look hurt it is okay it is okay it is okay
(anguished noise) i will kill you you sonofa (alternates love anger) do not look hurt it is okay it is okay it is okay#i will show grampa i will find my own surrogate father full of heartwarming stories i can share with the world
 and that is how you win an opium war#oh great stuff and the life lesson is ?
(sinister) the yangtze river swallows all secrets#(considering) hmm i am just gonna put "haste makes waste"
(kindly) release a hound#is not that cute ? he thinks he is a pack
ext springfield shopper  day  establishing)#i have a column i'd like to submit pay me whenever
int marshall goldman's office  continuous)#what ? pulitzer prize application form ?
what ? pulitzer prize application form ?#(reading) "when i rode with abe simpson on the tinseltown starliner i never dreamed his first voyage (growing puzzlement) would be his last ? at three o'clock on monday abe passed away peacefully in his sleep"
(reading) "when i rode with abe simpson on the tinseltown starliner i never dreamed his first voyage (growing puzzlement) would be his last ? at three o'clock on monday abe passed away peacefully in his sleep"#how would he know grampa was going to die today ? (realizing) unless he was going to kill him but would someone really kill a man just to win a pulitzer prize ?
how would he know grampa was going to die today ? (realizing) unless he was going to kill him but would someone really kill a man just to win a pulitzer prize ?#(stunned gasp)
(sings as he beats) old dan tucker was a fine old man#(short scream)
i am finally riding the tinseltown starliner i could die a happy man#(annoyed grunt)
(panicky sputters)#(doppler) beware of marshall goldmannn
(singing to "here comes the bride") here comes the prize / pulitzer prize / i will finally be successful / in my mother's eyes#a little lower a little lower
it gets worse#(anguished moan)
int grampa's compartment  continuous)#(anguished) how can you stand up to this punishment ?
int grampa's compartment  continuous)#dad i do not have the right words to say how i really feel about you but at least i know how to beat up a guy who does
(warmly) well at least you never tried to kill me#(warmly) just with indifference
i sure did (turns to homer) but why do not we let homer tell the story#(touched) really ? me ? you mean it ?
i think you are ready for your first ramble#i have been waiting for this day for so long the year is nineteen fortysix in a wartorn world a single flower blooms and that flower is an angry japanese monster named godzilla how am i doin' dad ?
(proudly) i am hangin' on every word#fortunately there was one man who could help colonel tom parker the colonel took this monster cleaned him up and put him onstage under the name "the rolling stones" the first concert was a sellout with many many many people eaten but those that survived raved about the undeniable harmonies and brutally honest lyrics of what they had just seen
time to try out my new deep fryer#and that lasted about five years but then godzilla dropped out for a while to do movies all of the awful movies we see now today in the driveins that no longer exist
i do not like this  real humor comes from people being nice to each other#aw c'mon marge there is nothing funnier than a good ol' bonk on the head
i concur#(noise of pain)
(stifled giggle)#(pouty) not funny
(backpedaling) hey do not listen to me what do i know about rainbows ?#none for me marge i get free donuts at work i can see them now in the break room beside the fridge the pink cardboard box awaits
int homer's car  driving to work  day)#groaning with a "united nations" of donuts jellies rubbing elbows with creamfilled the masculine contours of the box juxtaposed with the feminine curves of the treats themselves
int springfield nuclear power plant  break room  day)#(happy humming then shocked noise)
(happy humming then shocked noise)#(total shock) no pink box ? wha  what is going on ?
i am afraid your daily donuts are no more#(so upset he can not speak) you can not do that
no#d'oh
(to homer) easy there habitrail#they took away our donuts at work all i have had are my meals
(to homer) gator mccall i am a head hunter#(terrified scream)
(patient chuckle) i am a corporate recruiter who specializes in nuclear workers#i guess these days headhunters can be anything
i guess these days headhunters can be anything#you nuclear workers have no idea how valuable you are times have never been better for your industry now that all the protesters who marched in front of nuclear power plants are dying off from radiation poisonin'
int car  continuous)#do you want to come in and get your sister with me ?
hell no#watch your language now why the hell not ?
the krusty show sucks now it is all pink and princessy why are great things always ruined by women ? the army the fantastic four think how awesome american idol would be with just simon and randy#(chuckles) oh bart you say that now but when you are grown up you will just think it now you stay here and i will get your sister
you got it gator#(re cartoon) man a lion would not want to see that on his xray
int springfield nuclear plant  entrance  evening)#(nostalgic) goodbye power plant (choked up) i'd better get out of here before i have a meltdown
oh i imagine cap city's been wooing you with trips to the seashore a christmas goose spanish lemons folderol i can not afford to match but please accept this little going away present#(scoffs) you can not win us back with mere donuts
the dough is sweetened with cuban sugar from prebatista plantations then it is deep fried in the tallow of three different animals two of which are now extinct#that is the most amazing donut i have ever tasted
well if you stay on at the springfield nuclear plant you could have one of these tasty beauties every day#(tempted noise)
you like (poetaytoe) potato#and you like (poetahtoe) potato
you like (toemaytoe) tomato#and you like (toemahtoe) tomato
(poetaytoe) potato#(poetahtoe) potato
(toemaytoe milking it) tomato#(toemahtoe mouth full) tomato
(extending song) and toast valerie and daaaaave#(crescendo) togasakirothman
can i just ask who the hell says (poetahtoe) potato ?#(do not bring that up) songwriters who are stuck
homie i am still a little nervous about performing in front of all those people#(to marge putting his arm around her) do not worry sweetie with me at your side our toast will do just what it is supposed to steal focus from the bride
ext nuclear power plant  day  establishing)#(into phone sweetly) see you at five on the dot phone kisses (kissing noises)
(singsong) homer's got a girlfriend#(hangs up defensive) she is not my girlfriend she is a girl who i married who used to be my friend
mine says (reading) "something you lost will soon turn up" (gasps) my faith in the lord  it came back#"today is your lucky day" (rolls eyes) yeah pfft
if it is your lucky day you would be a fool not to take advantage of it#hey any part of a cookie you can not eat is just a waste of time (slipping noise)
hey any part of a cookie you can not eat is just a waste of time (slipping noise)#(delighted noise)
ext nuclear plant  parking lot  5 pm)#(happy) hmm maybe this is my lucky day
(happy) hmm maybe this is my lucky day#a disc ? please be compact please be compact (picks it up and inspects it  we do not yet see that it is emerson lake and palmer) woohoo
int homer's car  continuous)#here we go
ext street  late afternoon)#(singing along) oooh what a lucky man
int homer's car  continuous)#(singing along) i is oooh what a lucky man i is (singing along with synthesizer solo) booweeebooweeeweedoodoodeedeedoodoo (etc) (then intrigued noise as he sees something out the car window)
int kwikemart  late afternoon)#c'mon line move maybe it will speed up if i make "can you believe this" noises (makes "can you believe this" noises slaps forehead) oh for goodness sake (frustrated noises)
thank you come again who is next ? hello#(fluent) yo no crea en fortunas pero entonces me sali una galleta
s s#que deca que hoy era mi da dichoso primero no lo cre pero entonces me ca contra la maquina de dulces ay ay ay
(controlled fury) homer where are you ?#(on phone) i am almost there i can see the church steeple in the distance
(on phone) i am almost there i can see the church steeple in the distance#(lying) uhoh here comes a train
(chugging sound) / (train whistle) / (crossing gate clang) / (conductor patter adlib)#(imitating conductor) tickets please hey where is your ticket ? (imitating scared man) leave me alone (imitating conductor) why you little (adlibs fight noises)
good evening mr homer how can i#no time to pretend we are friends lotto me
no time to pretend we are friends lotto me#(reads quickly) one six seventeen twentytwo twentyfour thirtyfive
(reads quickly) one six seventeen twentytwo twentyfour thirtyfive#i did it i am gonna make it
ext highway  night)#i am acomin' marge
int homer's car  meanwhile)#i am gonna make it i am gonna make it
i am gonna make it i am gonna make it#i did not make it ?
soon you will be mi #(scream continues)
(scream continues)#(scream continues)
(scream continues)#(scream continues fading)
(sigh of relief) oh thank god you are okay#(weakly) i am alive and surrounded by thepeople i love the most in the
(weakly) i am alive and surrounded by thepeople i love the most in the#could you scooch over a bit ?
sevenohseven ? that is exactly the moment i was furious at you for missing our toast (teary) and now i am the one who has to ask can you forgive me ?#(a little haughty) i will try
ext simpson house  back yard  day)#barn thanks for picking up the money for me
barn thanks for picking up the money for me#now what should i buy first ? hitler's baseball ? a mirror that gives me advice ?
wait a minute homer you can not spend any of that money or marge will know you lied#oh yeah
oh yeah#marge ? what are you doing ?
(weary) the laundry the machine's on the fritz and we can not afford the four hundred dollars to fix it#(tragic) here i am a millionaire and i can not even help the woman who gave birth to me
why do not you just buy things your family needs and leave them where they will find them ?#oh barney that is brilliant just for that you can help yourself to anything from this tree
that is not the money tree#(suggestive) i know it is where i hide my adult magazines
ext park  day)#catch boy
catch boy#(stagy) oops  the frisbee went into the bushes why do not you go find it ?
you threw it you go find it#why you little
ow there is a big box in here#(coy) a box ? no way
(coy) a box ? no way#(coy) a new washing machine ? no way
(happy gasp) that is just what we need but how are we going to get it home ?#(to bart) you go rent us a truck
ext simpson house  backyard  day)#and now marge's secret benefactor is going to get her the luxury she is always dreamed of a toaster wide enough for bagels i will just take out a little money from my "local branch" (hearty laugh)
a toaster wide enough for bagels i will just take out a little money from my "local branch" (hearty laugh)#hm not as much money as there used to be
homer ?#(startled noise)
what are you doing ?#why i am just
why i am just#(anguished noise)
(anguished noise)#(more anguished noises)
there is money in this tree what the hell is going on ?#("explaining" gibberish) lenny and carl a fortune cookie i ran into the candy machine and i found an emerson lake and palmer (synthesizer noise)
okay let me get this straight  you got all this moolah legitimately but you are too scared to do anything fun with it ?#son if i was interested in fun i would've run away the day you were born
look man you have got to enjoy yourself a little you work hard or at least you are out of the house a lot#(thinks) you are right i have been acting like telethon jerry lewis when i should've been acting like restoftheyear jerry lewis will you teach me how to put myself first ?
(menacing) do not forget my cut#um your cut of what ?
so where you from homer ?#here (sips beer)
here (sips beer)#wait
(tired) yes homer ?#(coyly) do you think you could use someone like me in your band ?
yeah come on up you can play the tambourine#(with attitude) i said someone like me i did not say me
(on pa) here we go folks  the ultimate zerogravity experience#(giggles) look at me i am flying like superman's dog
(giggles) look at me i am flying like superman's dog#race you to the cockpit
race you to the cockpit#(repeated belches)
no way i wanna go a million more times#sorry boy you have school tomorrow
(bratty) rich kids do not need school when i grow up you can buy an apartment building and make me the super#with that attitude you will never super in one of my buildings
with that attitude you will never super in one of my buildings#boy i am through spoiling you first thing tomorrow you are going back to the rotten life you have always enjoyed
oh yeah ? (in his face) if you do not keep splashing the cash i am gonna tell mom that it is thanks to you she made the first bad wedding toast ever#(shocked gasp then enraged) blackmail your father in space will you ?
int dining room  continuous)#up  that is my chair boy
i am not a dude i am a hottie#(gritted teeth) um on second thought boy why do not you take my chair ?
oh great (pointed) now that dad's gonna star in it#i agreed to no such thing
moom#where and what time ?
homeroom eight am#never
moom#(sighs) what do i wear ?
come on missing link put on a show#(furious neanderthal growls)
of course#(exhausted sigh)
(exhausted sigh)#(halfhearted caveman break dance noises)
homer i need you to rickshaw me to soccer practice#(sighs) fine let me just get my harness pads
ext streets of springfield  day)#boy this has gone too far  i quit as soon as i finish these oats
hey hey hey let's not get crazy if you quit i am telling mom everything#not if i tell her first
okay but just 'cause i am your best friend do not be afraid to use that whip#okay i am taking off the blindfold
ext hot air balloon  day)#surprised ?
well i kind of got a clue when i heard that "ballooning safety" video#marge soaring above the forgiving beauty of nature i have something to confess um (steels himself) i wasn't there for that wedding toast because i was buying a lottery ticket
(shocked) you were what ?#you have a right to be angry furious and even though that ticket won a million dollars and
(happily) we have got a million dollars ? screw the toast#uh yes well um taxes took out a lot i spent a ton on those things for the family and um i did not know you could rent a balloon
(big sigh) so we are right back where we used to be#(upbeat) yes but i have one more thing to show you
(blown away) oh my god#marge those groves of cherry blossoms will bloom every year (sneakily sweet) to remind the world of the sweetest most forgiving woman who ever lived am i off the hook ?
you like (poetaytoe) potato#and you like (poetahtoe) potato
you like (toemaytoe) tomato#and you like (toemahtoe) tomato
(prompted) homer you do not look fat#(chuckles) carl you are a liar but i love it
do not leave until you find that leak#uh mr burns could not we patch the leak tomorrow ? it is date night
where is the kaiser's gold ? now get to work on that leak#(sad sigh)
we are appalling#i am sorry i missed dinner honey we still have time to catch a movie that can be romantic
really ? (a little skeptical) how romantic ?#(suave) it will make a walk on the beach seem like a punch in the face
(sighs) it is so noisy in here i can not hear the ad telling everyone to be quiet#hey we came here to enjoy the movie and we are going to enjoy the movie
hey we came here to enjoy the movie and we are going to enjoy the movie#we are outta here
this is not fair i want romance#how about bromance ?
it is not the same#(upset) dude
int simpson house  hallway  afternoon)#(turnedon) this bromance just got interesting
a sport that encourages handholding#(sly) would you like to wear mittens or go commando ?
int springfield ice rink  night)#(surprised disappointed noise)
sorry no skating tonight#what they come here on saturday night to clean the ice ? losers
as teammates control the direction and speed of the stone by sweeping in front of it with a special broom#marge this is perfect for both of us it is got bowling for me and sweeping for you
maybe you would like to give it a try ?#let us curl m'lady let us throw and sweep a'twain until the heavens themselves drop their jaws in wonder and envy and afterwards there'll be beer and cocoa with marshmallows floating in the foam and if from now till the end of time someone should ask what we were doing on the eve of the seventeenth of november we shall proclaim that we were curling
yeah like the time you said dad was taking a weekend leadership seminar when he was really stuck in a barrel at the junkyard ?#curling is real
hey look who "slid" into our "house" (chuckles)#(chuckles) great curling reference
the olympic committee has announced that mixed curling will be a demonstration event at the winter olympics#there is a winter olympics ?
there is a winter olympics ?#(chuckles)
homer while you were imagining what the winter olympics were seymour said we were all going to the olympic trials#olympic trials eh ?
int broomfield event center  continuous)#sweep sweep left right left right backandforth
(ecstatic) homie we are going to vancouver#pack your winter coat we are going to canada's warmest city
homer who is that ?#she used to be my therapist
(throat singing)#(calling) how can i ever thank you ?
pay your bill#(doppler) i could not hear the last thing you said goodbye forever
( la hawhaw) hoohoo#(sings to "old macdonald") oh a pork bao a shrimp bao everywhere a bao bao / homer simpson wins a gold / sliding rocks on ice bao bao
well homer's my soul mate and you do not dump a soul mate#oh my god i am holding back the team but our marriage is based on curling what am i gonna do ?
ext olympic village  homer and marge's apartment  day)#hm
well no matter what you do it will not make up for sir slipalot over there#uhoh
this is the sort of bittersweet melodrama olympic coverage feeds on i admit it we are vampires who suck on shattered dreams#that is my marge highfive
(sadly) sorry but i am afraid she will never curl again#it is stuck
int marge and homer's apartment  continuous)#(sheepish) can i help you with that ?
(sheepish) can i help you with that ?#(seething) i will do it myself when we do things together they always turn out badly  for me
(seething) i will do it myself when we do things together they always turn out badly  for me#(turned on) ooo you are hot when you are horny
(fuming) i am not horny i am mad#(turned on) ooo you are mad when you are angry
(turned on) ooo you are mad when you are angry#marge you are really good with your left hand
i should be i am lefthanded i have been using my right hand all these years 'cause i did not want to seem unusual in any way#(thoughtful noise)
let's give the olympics a miracle#but this time on ice
the usa has won demonstration gold our first and only medals of these entire olympics kids open your history books tear out the pages and put this indelible olympic moment in#usa usa
usa usa#oops
int vancouver olympic stadium  day)#(leans to marge) how is this for a date night ?
(leans to marge) how is this for a date night ?#wonderful homie
(disgusted noise) they are all horrible#yeah the simpson family is a long line of horse thieves deadbeats horse beats dead thieves and even a few
yeah the simpson family is a long line of horse thieves deadbeats horse beats dead thieves and even a few#(whispers) alcoholics
not a one maybe the nicest was abigail simpson who you know as the pittsburgh poisoner#listen lisa you are gonna find more than you bargained for if i were you i would not dig into the past i lived in some of that past and i got out for a reason
(reads with growing interest) this entry's dated april 14th 1860#i warn you i do not know what is in there but if it is about a simpson you ain't gonna be proud
i can not believe we are descended from slave owners#me neither for once the simpsons were in management
then they should've called it the "aboveground normalroad"#good point bart
very good bart#that is a great story lisa and you should stop reading right there
what are you doing ? i wanna know what happens next#well i do not the motto of the simpsons is "quit while you are ahead"
butbutbutbutbut#time for bed sweetie
int simpson house  kitchen  continuous)#(annoyed) you still reading that thing ? i am warning you when something goes into that vent it should not come out ever
ooh good idea bart what are you doing for black history month ?#i got an idea you can march to selma  and tell her she is ugly (chuckle)
you can march to selma  and tell her she is ugly (chuckle)#(pained card in mouth noise)
(perking up) to the reference desk#the library ? bart can you believe we are married to those nerds ?
the library ? bart can you believe we are married to those nerds ?#(chuckle highfive)
you are a liar#leave me alone i have shares to crop
i will take that secret to my grave or urn or medical school dissecting table or wherever you are dumpin' me#listen wrinkles if you know something that'll cheer up my little girl you would better spill it or i can make things very uncomfortable for you
utah omaha gold juno are you writing this down fritz ?#about virgil
that is why my jazz is so smooth#and that is why i earn less than my white coworkers
i do not know what the big deal is i mean it never bothered any of you that my father's french you know bouvier ?#so that is why i love drinking so much
i am french not you#(shrugging) c'est la vie baby
(horrified gasp)#(examining mail) credit card offer overdue bill credit card offer overdue bill huh what is this ?
(examining mail) credit card offer overdue bill credit card offer overdue bill huh what is this ?#what the you are a month behind on homework ?
i tried really hard to stop you from finding out does that help ?#(furious) a little
one month ? that is a heavy workload for a fourth grader#i say this boy needs more homework
i say this boy needs more homework#(to skinner) i do not have to do it with him do i ?
(to skinner) i do not have to do it with him do i ?#pile it on i want him to be korean by the time he is done
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#hm clean dishes (getting idea) i either have to unload them or uh
hm clean dishes (getting idea) i either have to unload them or uh#(sneaky chuckle)
(pleased noise) thanks for doing the dishes#no problem you can unload
y'know  i think bart might have too much homework if they keep overwhelming him he might be turned off school forever#oh my a child who does not enjoy school ? (into "phone") hello ? hollywood ? you want to buy the movie rights to this incredible story ? a million dollars ? deal (hangs up moans) now i have to write it
(impressed) wow how does this show stay so fresh ?#hey you are supposed to be doing your homework no more tv for you
hey you are supposed to be doing your homework no more tv for you#until your homework is done the only place your butt is safe from my foot is in that chair
dear lord please give my stubborn husband the wisdom to see that i am right as usual#too late marge i already used a "prayer block" on your prayer
there is no such thing as prayer blocks#(humoring her) yeah right
(huge laugh)#hey why are not you doing your homework
the violence really relaxes me#you do not get to relax till you get to the bottom of this homework stack
(sotto) do not contradict me in front of our son#(sotto) well do not be wrong in front of our son
(very aggravated noise)#oh yeah ? well (margetype aggravated noise)
let's have lunch at "crouching tiger hidden eggroll"#(intrigued noise) no line near the men's room i see no reason to question your choice
smooth move mom  tricking dad into having lunch at the one place that does not serve beer#(angry) what the ? then i wanna eat at (points) moe's express
the last time you ate there you spent three nights in the mall jail#that was last week and you are still bringing it up
(to homer) well you always miss when you throw your underpants at the hamper#well how could i ever hit the hamper if you do not let me practice
you practiced all day on my birthday#fine i was gonna apologize but now i am not going to
you were never going to apologize#i was too the words were in my brain
you are wrong and whenever you are wrong you just sprout gibberish#(gibberish spoken with great conviction)
i do not mind if you pee in the shower but only if you are taking a shower#no freedom i have no freedom around this house (he stands and says) after sex i am not talking to you
well then there will not be any sex#you can not sex fire me i sex quit
int nuclear power plant  homer's office  day)#must win fight must win fight
must win fight must win fight#let me say to you all i am pretty sure this is not a dream
i am pretty sure this is not a dream#(gasps) oh my god i killed her
(gasps) oh my god i killed her#(sobs)
int homer's office  evening)#i have got to apologize once again sleeping at work has saved my marriage
int homer's car  evening  a few minutes later)#must apologize must apologize
i am sorry we ever fought#we can not let bart drive us apart he is the reason we had to get married
till the two of us are back on track bart can fend for himself#(coy) bart ? bart who ? (loud whisper) i am being cute
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#(satisfied noise) awesome breakfast marge breakfast in bed is so much better than (bitter) breakfast in a chair
dad i know you are gonna say no but mom would say#whatever knock yourself out
what do you mean ?#you may not realize this bart but your mother and i have been fighting about you a lot lately and i have realized our marriage is more important than your future from now on you are on your own
really ? (shrugs) okay#uh marge ? i do not want to ruin the moment but you got something stuck between your (realizing) ohhh (turnedon noise)
int simpson house  living room  night)#i love watching you knit (nostalgic) it reminds me of watching pictures download on our old dialup modem remember that day we brought it home and it was all (modem noises) eee ooo eee ooo onnnggg (etc)
oh my god homie  we are having a real conversation#yeah (makes more modem noises)
you will not believe how i got home#do not know do not care
nope#i am saving my yelling for where it does some good (very loud) lisa you are a wonderful child keep up the good work
thanks dad but you are so loud it is hurting my ears#(very loud) sorry
(pulls off map) and there is a map of the subway system attached homer we have got to stop him#but marge i thought we were chilling out for the sake of our marriage
we are going to have to be good parents to our son and work twice as hard on our marriage#(grim) fine i will do both at once (running out doppler) we should both take a role in vacation planning
ext springfield street  day)#bart
int subway terminal  continuous)#oh there is a nickel
int subway track  continuous)#well i will be there is a sofa in here
int subway control booth  continuous)#must squeeze harder
must squeeze harder#( la strangling) why you little
( la strangling) why you little#woo hoo
mister you are grounded#and no tv
and i am taking all the exciting colors out of your crayons#and when you are out of my sight you must constantly twitter me exactly what you are up to even though i do not know what twitter is and have no desire to find out
int homer's car  continuous)#(chuckles) thanks to our new gps i will have you at school in no time
turn right in fifty meters#(anguished moan) meters ?
dad no that takes us into a construction site#stupid kid thinks he is smarter than a computer
stupid kid thinks he is smarter than a computer#seatbelts kids
decrease elevation ten feet then turn left#(annoyed grunt)
turn right in twopoint three kilometers#(angry) why you
(selfconscious) anyway i am really hoping you could (puzzled) dad ?#hey boy
(startled scream)#(chuckle) your mother thinks i am working on the car
i thought you were fixing my brakes#(several quick panicked screams)
but i need to talk about man stuff#(from under car) talk to grampa he used to be a man
(grim) on the top of the slide#(happy) that is all that happened ? and i got to miss work ?
(happy) that is all that happened ? and i got to miss work ?#(delighted laugh) i could kiss you
mr simpson i am an attorney and my husband is a federal prosecutor and neither of us is happy#well maybe you guys should look for easier jobs
(to homer) and we will make you regret the day your son was born#you are halfway home lady
if i talk to nikki i am sure i can#no if you go near her one more time we will be sued into the poor house and have to eat garbage forever
and it means the world to me#(warmly) well do not worry boy i know a wholesome way to take your mind off girls
this is awesome if only real life was in 3d#(happy chuckle) and the glasses smell like the last guy who wore them had pizza
(happy chuckle) and the glasses smell like the last guy who wore them had pizza#(huge laughs)
(huge laughs)#look at that
(uncomfortable) i am bart simpson disruptive fourthgrader#(delighted noise) i finally caught one of bart's school plays
that is not bart it is principal skinner bart's sitting right next to you#yeah now that i look closer that guy could not fool anybody
(to homer stiffly) shut up fatso#(furious) why you little
(reads from bible) "then spake jesus to the multitude and to his disciples saying"#hey my bathing suit came off
hey my bathing suit came off#(happy sliding noises)
(happy sliding noises)#hey it floats
schnell schnell#(long whoop as he slides down slip 'n' slide)
man i ever met#hold that thought
hold that thought#(doglike shaking noises)
i sense a "but" coming reverend#here comes the butt
(annoyed) he lovingly destroyed them (thoughtful) instead of pushing homer away can not you find a way to reach out and bring him in ?#(adlib native chanting)
(clears throat then says) y'know our bible study group is going to the holy land next month (deep breath) i'd like you and your family to come as my guests#(evergrowing sarcasm) hmm let me think take my family to a war zone on a bus filled with religious lameos in a country with no pork in a desert with no casinos (extreme sarcasm) ooh where do i sign up ?
well we will take you up on your offer#(moans)
but we insist on paying our own way#(bigger moan)
and homer put on some pants#(even bigger moan)
homie just tell them what they wanna hear#i can not latkes are not as good as american pancakes
i can not latkes are not as good as american pancakes#(tightly in pain) they are okay with applesauce
true enough#(taunting) a truckload of applesauce
(excited gasp) the old city where bc turned into ad let's go#flanders that stuff's been here for thousands of years but the breakfast buffet at this hotel which is included in our package closes in ten minutes
brochure) we can see the stations of the cross#after we see the stations of the omelet bar
lord please help homer experience the redemptive power of this sacred land#(excited) he is going for the record he is going for the record
(excited) he is going for the record he is going for the record#(mildly annoyed) flanders you are not supposed to help him
homer do you think you could show just the slightest bit of reverence ?#ned i am an american tourist i am just here to see some sights try goofy new food and spread some shekels with my carolina panthers credit card
ned i am an american tourist i am just here to see some sights try goofy new food and spread some shekels with my carolina panthers credit card#panthers
(sighs) homer could you at least turn the camera off ?#if you say it like dracula i will
homer#please please please
(rolls eyes  la dracula) bleh#(happily) that is going right on stupidflandersorg
ext dome of the rock  day)#this really means a lot to you huh ?
yes but it means more to you#boy are you lousy at reading minds
boy are you lousy at reading minds#okay okay for you i will try
(aggravated) homer quit playing that back#i am not it is my ringtone
i am not it is my ringtone#y'ello this is he yeah i wanted to know do you deliver falafels to the top of mount zion ? great i'd like a large falafel with pepperoni sausage and extra cheese yes i know what a falafel is
sad maybe if you were brad pitt#hey boy we are supposed to be acting religiousy what are you up to ?
"dear lord do not let marge find out the hotel leaves chocolates on the pillows at night"#why you little
why you little#"give my dad another heart attack ?"
(aghast sound)#(wakes up groggy) whuh ?
homer this is the most sacred spot in christendom not your backyard hammock#(sincerely apologetic) i am sorry it is just that these tours are so exhausting you are jetlagged you are walking around all day it is so hard to sleep knowing marge and the kids are all stuck in one small room and it is so nice and cool in the tomb of the unknown savior
unknown ? this is the tomb of the most famous man who ever lived#(excited) porky pig ?
int church of the holy sepulcher  main area  continuous)#(puzzled) but he is buried here right ?
you come all the way to jerusalem  the happiest place on earth  and all the photos in your camera are of funny soda pops ?#(chuckles) chickpea fizz
delete delete delete#whatever it is your camera
homer do you know why i am a christian ?#your parents made you ?
it is because i believe every soul has the possibility of salvation at least i thought so till now (icy calm) homer simpson you are not worth saving#what ? but i thought we'd be neighbors in heaven goofing on all the new dead people
ext streets of old jerusalem  moments later)#ned ned wait up
ned ned wait up#(winded) ned
ext jerusalem  just inside the gates  day)#(gasps) ned's run off into the desert
(gasps) ned's run off into the desert#ahha  a sand horse car of the desert
ext desert  evening)#(calling) flanders stupid flanders
(calling) flanders stupid flanders#(freaked out) there is sand in my shoe
(freaked out) there is sand in my shoe#(extremely relieved noise)
(extremely relieved noise)#(bitter) good luck surviving without me
this looks like a job for the messiah#(sings to "lawrence of arabia" tune) thirsty / i am so thirsty / and hungry and horny / but mostly just thirsty / i am so thirsty (surprised noise)
(sings to "lawrence of arabia" tune) thirsty / i am so thirsty / and hungry and horny / but mostly just thirsty / i am so thirsty (surprised noise)#water
water#(raspy) so salty (drinks then says even raspier) maybe if i add a little salt
(raspy) so salty (drinks then says even raspier) maybe if i add a little salt#(incredibly emotional sobs)
(kindly) you have been chosen homer#(awestruck and fearful) chosen for what oh mighty gherkin ?
rise and listen my childyours is a great destiny#(rapidly) pickle carrot tomato pickle carrot tomato pickle carrot tomato
oh homie you are alive#i am more than alive woman i am the chosen one who shall unite all the faiths of the holy land i am the messiah
but you still have our passports right ?#(normal) oh yeah gotta keep track of those
(normal) oh yeah gotta keep track of those#(booming) the messiah (normal to marge) has the passports
dad are you okay ?#i am more than okay i am the messiah come to save the world look upon me and shudder
(uneasy) uh messiah do you mind if i have a word with your wife ?#as you wish but look not upon her with lust and do not send her friendly emails that is how it begins
(thinks) hmm dad said he was going to "unite all faiths" (snaps fingers) and only one site is sacred to muslims christians and jews  the dome of the rock#the dome of the rock ? messiah away
the dome of the rock ? messiah away#(gasp of discovery) this one says "carolina panthers"
(gasp of discovery) this one says "carolina panthers"#messiah says (panther noise)
i am pushy ? please you stay there surrounded by your great enemy canada try syria for two months then we will see who is pushy#attention christians muslims and jews i have come to gather you into a new faith from now on you shall be called chrismujews
(uninterested mutters)#because when you get down to it are not all religions the same ? they tell you what to eat when to pray how this imperfect clay that we call man can mold itself to resemble the divine but we can never attain that ultimate grace while there is hatred in our hearts for each other
(incredibly touched) i did it i reached him#celebrate your commonality some of us do not eat pork some of us do not eat shellfish but all of us love chicken
in a soup you can boil it#spread the word peace and chicken
homer my friend of all the false messiahs today i think you came closest to the truth#well if i made any sense today it is because all the stuff you have told me all these years has finally seeped in
well if i made any sense today it is because all the stuff you have told me all these years has finally seeped in#can i buy you a twelve dollar turkey sandwich ?
i'd like that#how 'bout a greg norman executive putter from the sky mall ?
you would probably get a better deal at a mall back home#(stunned) they have malls on land ?
and so our employee of the month is the late roger ducette who tragically died from complications due to union organizing (upbeat) moving on the power plant's first annual fourth of july picnic is this coming saturday#woo hoo
(fake sincere) ooh i am afraid you misunderstand this picnic is for me you will all be spending your independence day slaving away in the hot summer sun without pay lotion or gratitude#(annoyed grunt)
burns  what an ungrateful jerk we hoofed our hearts out for him  with no rehearsal#i say burns owes us a party let's have one right now with his wine
that is a regularsized bottle i am drinkin' jeroboams#i am pounding melchizedeks
homer that is a sixty thousand dollar bottle#woo hoo i am drinking my salary
yeah but do not some of that go to income tax ?#yeah you are right
yeah you are right#(shakes head then bitter) the government taking my hardearned stolen wine and spending it on that nogood floor
(adlibbed mayhem noises)#(calling out a little tipsy) okay left hand rembrandt
(stern) and just what might that be ?#uh this is my lunch
really ? okay eat your lunch#but
you said it is your lunch eat it#eat my lunch ?
yes enjoy#okay i will
they continued for some time in this vein until#you do not think i am going to ?
i do not see any chewing#(backed into it) okay
not air bites real bites#(moans)
(chuckles) well the catch is happy workers are productive workers#(bitterly) there is always a catch
it was an accident i did not mean to kill our ants#(passing by gasps) patty and selma are dead ? woo hoo a double funeral (dances adlibs happy singing)
dad before you jump to conclusions#(entreating) please tell me they suffered
(entreating) please tell me they suffered#(gasps) gggghags
int moe's tavern  day)#mr smithers our lives are awesome thanks to you and because i know you "like your loafers light" i want to give something back
mr smithers our lives are awesome thanks to you and because i know you "like your loafers light" i want to give something back#use that image any way you want
to mr smithers / hooray#uh listen can i leave a little early tomorrow ? my kid has a thing
yes the service on my car was excellent (beat) five out of five four out of five five out of five um excuse me can i go back and change that four out of five to five out of five ? i am wasting your time ?#smithers what a marshmallow
smithers what a marshmallow#i do not have a thing with my kid tomorrow
you told me you did#i do but i am not going to it
you know i used to wonder why mr burns hated humanity now i know you open your heart and they mock your very decency#(extremely mocking) ooh we mock your very decency
man smithers is workin' us like dogs#well at least we have got the best brand ceiling insulation
well at least we have got the best brand ceiling insulation#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#well at least we have got the best asbestos
well at least we have got the best asbestos#(moans)
instead of releasing hounds he releases wolverines#i never thought i'd say this but i wish mr burns was back
int prison  burns' cell  stormy night  very late)#burns you are coming with us
yeah and they have replaced parking meters with this thing you stick your credit card into#(upset) the war is over and the future won the past never had a chance man
ext springfield  town square  day)#(happy eating noise)
(happy eating noise)#(reading) no food allowed in bank ?
(reading) no food allowed in bank ?#better lie low my sweet red friend
(screams)#(angry mouthstuck noises)
i think he is saying he will kill one hostage an hour until he gets what he wants#(mouthstuck disagreeing noises)
he is saying he wants one million dollars in unmarked bills#(mouthstuck "oh that could be good" noise)
(mouthstuck "oh that could be good" noise)#(getting tasered noises)
it is just a candy apple#(mouth stuck agreeing noises)
get him deep in the meat#(pained noise)
homer simpson for causing a panic in the bank you are hereby sentenced to one hundred hours of community service#community service ? but that is work what about jail ?
(bangs gavel) community service#no i wanna go to jail free food teardrop tattoos library books that come to youuu
no i wanna go to jail free food teardrop tattoos library books that come to youuu#(wailing) i will serve anything but the communityyy
hey whatcha packin' simpson ?#just my lunch
just my lunch#chicken parm meatball parm eggplant parm
chicken parm meatball parm eggplant parm#shish kaparm angel food parm moo goo gai parm my wife can parm anything
(scoffs then sad) my wife only parms on my birthday and that is only if i give her the sad puppydog look#awwww want a bite ?
ext picnic table  continuous)#do you ever wear your police pants to regular things ?
throw a jean jacket on top of these babies and you can go anywhere#from fast food to fine dining ?
ever stop breathing when you are asleep ?#oh yeah all the time they say it is 'cause i am overweight
overweight ? you ? oh now that is crazy now me i have to get my underwear specially made by this village in the ukraine they call me "daddy roundround" send me a christmas card every year#that is some big underwear
uh simpson hold on a sec um you wanna uh (clears throat) uh i do not know get a beer sometime uh#okay ever been to moe's ?
(rolls eyes) uh earth to homer  i arrested you there last month#(sheepish) oh yeah  sorry i was such a jerk about it
aw now who could blame you ? your sports team lost yeah well i will see you at moe's#i am there every day five to eleven
ext coffee shop  morning)#oh man this is so awesome i can not believe i am having breakfast where the cops do
yeah and you can feel good about eating here too because all the cooks are excons getting a second chance#(noticing) aw dang i lost track of time i am gonna be late for work
no you will not follow me#wow so this is what it feels like to be a pregnant lady
hey homer hand me my coffee#want some sugar ?
no no i got it#impressive
impressive#hey would it be okay if i uh "ran a make" on myself ?
(chuckle) g'ahead#drunk and disorderly ? that is a little redundant (sneaky) hey uh mind if i do a little "spring cleaning ?"
listen homer uh would you like to see my uh my favorite place in the whole world ?#(touched) really ? me ?
cops do not have many friends civilians are scared of us and uh other cops just remind us of things we want to forget that is why our friendship is so special to me#chief (sniffs) me too
ever worry the sun's not going to come back after it goes down at night ?#no
what if the bed wets him ? what if superman decided to kill everybody ?#(chuckles) hey ralph's a good kid and he should be he is got a great dad
ext town square  later)#ooh ooh can i cuff him ?
nobody moves or the doughboy gets popped#(scared noises)
not to worry homer that is what bulletproof vests are for#(relieved sigh)
int hospital room  continuous)#is he gonna be okay ?
(soft sobs)#do not worry sarah clancy was there for me (vows) and i will be there for him
do not worry sarah clancy was there for me (vows) and i will be there for him#oops
oops#ahhh that is so much better than hospital beer
you see ?#do not die on me clancy (sobs) you said our friendship was special well if it was so special wake up you fat sack of
(weakly) homer what happened to me ?#you saved my life and i came here every day to make sure you pulled through
you missed the wakeup that is all that counts#clancy i have not seen my family in days would you mind if i went home now ?
now ? but i just woke up#(not happy) well if you really want me to stay
no no you do what you have to do live your life which i saved#(a little annoyed) fine i will stay a little more
homer where you been the last few weeks ?#(bitterly) playing nursemaid to chief wiggum
well well well so this is the "saint elmo's fire" reunion that andrew mccarthy himself was going to attend#okay maybe i lied but you have been so needy "i am hungry" "i am itchy" "that is not my blood type"
(reading) "world's worst friend"#hey man you planted that
(laugh)#oh everything reminds me of clancy
you mugs'll never take me alive see#(sad moan) everything
any idea where he might be ?#i have an idea but i must go alone (loud whisper to marge) my car is filled with printer paper i stole from work
ext mountain  early evening)#hey chief i uh brought a thirtytwo piece chicken bucket
i am sorry homer if i hadn't been so needy we would not be in this trunk#well i was kind of ungrateful you did save my life
well at least we got to be friends again  y'know before we got whacked#we are not gonna get whacked because you are chief clancy wiggum and you are gonna figure a way out of this
you have that much faith in me ?#no faith is what you have in things that do not exist your awesomeness is real
well said lou oh homer you want to take out the police copter and hassle people with the spotlight ?#i know just the guy
int flanders' bedroom  night)#(on bullhorn) flanders wake up take off your clothes and prepare to be raptured
ext flanders' house  continuous)#(on bullhorn) now shave off your moustache and drink the hairs in a cup of cocoa
hot cocoa ?#(on bullhorn) no ice cold
(annoyed noise) / what is going on ?#look at this electric bill i am not made of money i am made of manmeat and a skeleton
look at this electric bill i am not made of money i am made of manmeat and a skeleton#it is time to unplug these vampire appliances that plunge their prongs into our creamy white outlets to quench their unholy thirst for electrons lamp computer jacob's ladder
it is time to unplug these vampire appliances that plunge their prongs into our creamy white outlets to quench their unholy thirst for electrons lamp computer jacob's ladder#(confused noise) how long has this been running ?
dad while i agree reducing consumption is great it is hard to make permanent changes in your lifestyle#(mad) are you calling me fat ?
no i am suggesting you consider cheaper alternate sources of energy#hmm (reading) alternative energy expo (getting excited) where there is expos there is free frisbees let's roll but we'd better make sure robbers do not know we are out
(happy running noises)#now on to the next funny booth
solar power is a bright idea#yeah so is getting a real job
dad i found what you are looking for#a churro you can eat in the shower ?
goddag friendlys behold to you  wind the energy that powers denmark#well i am not usually one to take the word of a dane plus how can i afford it ?
well there are tax credits government rebates it will pay for itself in twelve to eighteen#(hopeful) months ?
lifetimes#hmm tie it to my car and you have got a deal
(ecstatic) lars get the twine (pumps homer's hand) you will not regret this#i am starting to regret it already
(stern) too late lars got the twine#(sad moan)
dad you are leading the way in clean energy#yup i algored it pretty good (bitter) where is my grammy for audio book narration ?
it is making our meter run backwards#oh my goodness it means we are traveling back in time i can warn president lincoln to dump his wife before she goes crazy
dad all it means is we are providing power to the electric company#(furious) oh that is just great i discover electricity and they want to take it from me
(furious) oh that is just great i discover electricity and they want to take it from me#hello local utility ? you greedy bastards have gouged homer simpson for the last time
we will cancel your account sir#the simpsons are off the grid and so far it is going great
the simpsons are off the grid and so far it is going great#(proudly) gentlemen tonight's game is brought to us by something special the kite's best friend the flag's partner in patriotism you have seen cherubs blow it from map corners  the wind
"o'er the ramparts we" what ?#(reassuring) do not worry i will go see what is wrong
(reassuring) do not worry i will go see what is wrong#what the ? who turned off the wind ?
dad if we are really off the grid then we will not get power when the air is still#oh well i am not crawling back to big electricity from now on the simpsons are living (dramatic) intermittently
(irritated noise) my smoothie is a lumpy#the wind may have stopped working but my brain never does check it out gang
homer this meeting of your "fan club" is adjourned#but we have not read the minutes of last week's meeting
but we have not read the minutes of last week's meeting#you used to be nicer
kent's weather worriers are reporting gusts up to seventyfive (electrical shorting noise)#(excited) now we are cookin' with wind
homie maybe this is too much electricity#(sighs) nothing is ever right for you
we are gonna go check out the wind damage#be careful if you see a downed power line do whatever it is people are supposed to do in that situation
(sad murmur) our wedding china's ruined#(moans) we will have to eat thanksgiving dinner off regular plates like animals
(out of breath) hey mom dad there is a whale on the beach you have gotta help me get her back in the ocean#(sighs) all right  let me get my tool belt
(sighs) all right  let me get my tool belt#(strained noises) man who are these belts made for french supermodels ? (strained noises)
(strained noises) man who are these belts made for french supermodels ? (strained noises)#(relieved sigh)
(concerned) homie can i talk to you for a second ?#sure lisa bring the car around
but i do not know how to drive#have not you learned anything from watching bart drive ?
we can not let lisa get her hopes up#marge how hard can it be ? we are just rolling it into the ocean from the beach it is not like it is stuck in the bottom of a well or in a mexican prison
marge how hard can it be ? we are just rolling it into the ocean from the beach it is not like it is stuck in the bottom of a well or in a mexican prison#ooh it is dinner time
ooh it is dinner time#(excited gasp) but that would make a great movie
lisa is very sensitive if something she loves dies in front of her#that whale's not gonna die we are busting him out of prison no matter what you say escobar god this thing writes itself
that whale's not gonna die we are busting him out of prison no matter what you say escobar god this thing writes itself#(calling to lisa) coming
ext springfield beach  day)#okay we will need the town's strongest men to roll the whale back in the water
okay we will need the town's strongest men to roll the whale back in the water#hm we need a better idea we will have to find the town's smartest men
it is hard to believe anyone in that contest can be considered smart#(on bullhorn) one two three tug
(on bullhorn) one two three tug#(whistles into bullhorn)
operation desert ocean is a go let's get this lady fish into the blue zone#(to lisa proudly) it was my idea to put the whale in the water
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#do not worry honey right now she is lying on god's beach
she does not like lying on the beach she likes being in the ocean#oh lisa i am sorry i tried my best i know it is really hard when you discover your dad is not perfect
(passing by) not perfect ? you can say that again#(growing anger) i am trying to be a sensitive father you unwanted moron (gently) lisa where were we ?
maybe i should just be alone a little bit#of course
of course#(moans) it kills me to see her like that (grim) and if there is one thing i can not stand it is being killed
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#now lisa i know you miss your whale so i got you a pet that will never die an invisible dog
now lisa i know you miss your whale so i got you a pet that will never die an invisible dog#aw look he is doing his business
aw look he is doing his business#hey not on the rug you bad dog ow ow ow stop biting my leg (mimes the dog biting his leg) ow alright that is it you are going outside
hey not on the rug you bad dog ow ow ow stop biting my leg (mimes the dog biting his leg) ow alright that is it you are going outside#bad dog stop
(puzzled) bluella ?#(upset) why could not i be eaten by a giraffe ? that would be fun
(sadly) those baby whales are doomed just like their mom (sighs) i guess it is just nature's way#nature is a toothless dying hag we are gonna save those whale babies
dad ? where did you get that boat ?#i am taking it on a test drive from the boat store get in
ext open water  a little later)#shark week just got cancelled
drop the 'poon#oh come on leave me alone i am trying to save your precious whales
did you know that over forty million sharks are slaughtered every year to make sharkfin soup ?#(flummoxed) you like sharks ?
linda please#(scoffs then sneering) typical ecojerks  using words to talk
they are right if the only way to save the whales is to kill another innocent creature i can not let you do it#sharks innocent ? please every year they kill a couple of people who do a series of stupid things the shark's reptilian brain understands only one thing the crime of murder
the crime of murder#(surprised shriek)
dad the sharks must think you are a baby whale#(flattered) ooh a baby whale my diet is working
it will either make them go away or eat you quicker#(pained noise)
(pained noise)#(woozy) ooh maybe the blood will scare the sharks off
it is the baby whales' dad#thanks buddy
thanks for not letting me give up dad#(sweetly) hey i'd do anything for a sweet intelligent mammal by which i mean you
do you think they will be okay ?#absolutely he is young he is got two cute kids he will be moving in with a sexy lady octopus in no time they will have to sell their old place too many memories but if i am not mistaken there is a little whaleapuss on the way (chuckles)
now who wantsbeer cozies a shirt that says "yo" sassy seat cushions (holds up seat cushion reading "park your duff") and flash drives for your pc so you can take your data and (hammy) back it up#i want some of that
ext simpson house  establishing  morning)#(coy) guess what company had a giveaway at moe's last night ?
no i will not#(coy) keep guessing
(coy) keep guessing#(mouth impeded by teeth grille) what is it say boy ?
"responsibly"#(moans)
ooh that is a bingo#(mouth full) mmmm good mac and cheese
i have had better down at the train station#i will have to check it out sometime
int train station  5 minutes later)#mmm
(sitting beside homer) now the best mac and cheese i have ever had is at a bowling alley in ogdenville#(thinks) i am pretty full
breadcrumbs on the top#i am on my way
partly sunny#(guessing) golf ballsized hail
(continuing) a chance of severe thunder storms with golf ballsized hail#(exultant) woohoo
mmhmm now i am gonna go tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk tsk till you give the money back tsk tsk tsk#(tsking noises) / (increasingly aggravated noises)
(tsking noises) / (increasingly aggravated noises)#all right all right
all right all right#i am goin' home it is not safe in here
i am goin' home it is not safe in here#(pained noises)
boy cheeks fanny derriere hiney backside cover up that coin slot#(amiable) hey boy whatcha doing ?
experimenting with my butt#(chuckles tousling his hair) my little einstein
(makes another bird call)#(gasps) a phony bird call ? that means marge is coming everyone act legal
homer maggie has to wear that clown mask for halloween what is going on ?#well uh (quickly) the one place the cameras can not see is right here in our backyard so i am charging people to do whatever they want  is not that wonderful ?
i do not see what is so wonderful#remember how you wanted me to get that expensive operation ? well now i can afford a motorcycle
ext simpson house  back yard  day)#who wants feet steak ?
demeat those feet#oh no i do not have to listen to you if i am not on camera you can not see me
ext five corners  day)#everyone in this town is sick and tired of you looking over their shoulder (imitating ned) "do not leave your sprinklers on in the rain" "do not burn that pile of ventriloquist dummies"
but you promised#(whispered) later later
this used to be just a little part of me#you see ned your citywide nagging compressed all of our town's misbehavior into one small placecreating a glittering diamond of super evil
i guess i did create this like god created the devil#god created the devil ? finally he did something cool
(sighs) i never wanted to turn into big brother i just wanted to be little sister tattlin' on everyone so the town would be a nicer place#well if you ask me you were trying to play god
(huge gasp) that is the worst sin of all for some reason what can i do to make things right ?#you can help me take out those cameras
(excited anticipatory walla)#(excited giggles/riding noises)
(shocked) one of our wives is leaving us for moe ?#(shocked) moe's leaving town ?
you guys should go on that cruise you will have a great time and you kids can spend the day getting to know your father#i like beer hot dogs and long blackouts on the beach
and i can spend my mother's day taking care of something i have been putting off for a long time#cleaning the gutters ?
that is something you have been putting off#(excited gasp points to tv) cartoons everybody be quiet
(excited gasp points to tv) cartoons everybody be quiet#so marge what were we talking about ?
(sighs) why do i waste my breath ?#(sweetly) sorry honey i wasn't listening and i will not be listening now (sips beer)
hey homer what do you think mom meant by "taking care of something ?"#son i am a bit of an expert on the female gender and i can tell you women do not mean anything by anything
dad that is a dangerous attitude for you to take towards your wife#i hear what you are saying lisa  (loud whisper to bart) nothing
ext ocean ferry docks  day)#into the playpen sweetie and if you get hungry there is lobster
special delivery letter for misters simpson lovejoy and nahasapeemapetilon#(puzzled noise)
(puzzled noise)#it is from moe
ext ferry deck  day)#moe is running off with one of our wives ?
no battery ?#i got marge
(on phone very staticky) homer ?#marge are you running off with moe ?
(on phone) homer ? i am (static) you#(panicked) you are losing me ? or you are leaving me ?
(on phone) we are breaking up (static)#aw dammit
(on phone) homer ?#(panicky) can not talk must text
(panicky) can not talk must text#(texting) marge have u left me 4
(texting) marge have u left me 4#(anguished moan)
(flirty) i am uh i am sure you do#well marge and i do not have any problems we never even fight anymore
well marge and i do not have any problems we never even fight anymore#what ?
homer my mother's party's starting any minute get busy#moe my inlaws are coming i need something strong enough that i forget i hate them but not so strong that i tell them i love them
sorry homer i ain't servin' no liquor just "o'glums" nonalcohol beer#marge this is crazy
(enters) knockadoodleyou#flanders ?
neighbor marge invited me over to be the little angel on your shoulder so you would not listen to the four hundred devils on the other#(annoyed grunt)
take our picture#(begrudging) all right
i wasn't smiling#what the
i had something in my teeth#why you
my eyes were shut#lousy
my sweater's on backwards#(frustrated moan)
except setting off car alarms with his big fat footsteps#you take that back
yay#go ugly up someone else's house you peniscurling shedevils
(mutters to himself quietly like a crazy man) oh man do i make the soup my goodness do i make the soup#(moans) i am doomed
hours later she returned  smelling of beer and pickled eggs i know no more#uh i do
you do ? tell me#i was there when your wife got to moe's being my usual effervescent self
(annoyed) you said you would be home by seven to help with my mother's birthday#(pained panicky noise)
(panicked) then what happened ?#i do not know
well how can you be so sure your wife is not the putty in the bartender's hands ?#yeah padre how innocuous are your flashbacks ?
well i uh#(grim) the ferry will be back in ten minutes it will take us home to find out the truth
(tightly) i am still mad at you from last night#today's the first which means it was last month which means you are being ridiculous
int bus  continuous)#otto you got to get us back to town
here it comes the moment of truth#(distraught) she is packing her bag
so it is you mr homer but let's be honest  a woman of her age married to a man of how old are you ? sixtyfive ?#thirtynine
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#(gasp) marge no stop packing your
(gasp) marge no stop packing your#painting supplies ?
portrait upbeat) what do you think ?#(hoping beyond hope) you are not leaving me ?
it is that patty and selma there is something evil about them did you know they smoked when i was pregnant ?#(sweetly) oh marge you not leaving with moe is the best thing that never happened to me
and i wrote that letter so you three chumps would realize that you have not been treatin' your wives the way they deserve think of it as a wakeup call from a man who ain't got nothin' but a blowup doll and even she left me should not have used helium#moe i do not know whether to punch you or kiss you so i am gonna do both
people of springfield this town is in the worst financial meltdown we have ever seen no longer can we cook the books and fudge the numbers#(drooling noises)
homie slow down#why should i ? the city's broke they can not afford to enforce their precious laws
oh come on what kind of big fat moron would fall for#(enters sniffing air) cookies so delicious must buy house
homer no#(increasingly ravenous) marge get loan preapproved offer over asking waive inspections twoday escrow
ext evergreen terrace  neighbor's house  a moment later)#initial the radon disclosure and done
sorry someone else has bought the house#but my loan has already been sold in pieces to banks hedge funds and municipalities across the globe
(puzzled) sidewhatwhom ?#man you are good with the tools when you want to be
a lot of people sound like sideshow bob like frasier on "cheers"#or frasier on "frasier"
(screams) sideshow bob#(chuckles) stupid kid fooled by a silhouette
(chuckles) stupid kid fooled by a silhouette#(intrigued noise)
(intrigued noise)#("oh well" then excited) ice cream
("oh well" then excited) ice cream#(moans) nothing is ever boobs or ice cream
(pleased) good that'll give me something to do while you are at the game#(complaining) marge the bathroom scale is lying again
(incomprehensible gurgling)#all right sideshow i am gonna do to you what you shoulda done to my son a long time ago
i will prove i am telling the truth bob has huge feet right ? well look#it is like you are a chinese empress
(shrugs) i am not a writer#(tough guy) and i am not a locksmith
(tough guy) and i am not a locksmith#man that dude does not like bart
yeah i have seen him (clearly lying) he uh said he was driving down to mexico#mexico andal andal arriba
hey hey no#(distraught) help us help us for the love of god will not somebody help us ?
si ?#uh yes i'd like um how do you say taco in mexican ?
taco#yes that is exactly the word i want to translate
homer can we please find bart ?#oh yeah yeah right (to man) uh just give me one of those crispy shells with meat in it
taco ?#(aggravated noise)
glad to say it and now the girls will "yay" it#(anguished) stop stop stop
ext simpson house  night)#(chuckles) that is disgusting
so do we have a winner ?#hmmmm not ugly enough i want something that looks like thishad a baby with thisand it got sat on by this
(inspired) i think i have come up with the answer#oh my god
oh my god#(sweetly) you never fail to nauseate me boy
(chuckles) just call me barf simpson#(a little bitter) i wanted to but your mother said kids might tease you
ext springfield fairgrounds  day)#half an hour to show time your ugliness
dad do you realize we have put more time into this than all my schoolwork combined ?#but if we win this we get a gift certificate
for what ?#(tousling his hair wisely) it does not matter
(protesting murmurs)#you can not close i will have to go home and drink better beer at half the price in natural lighting
you are home early#oh can not a guy rush home from work to see his beautiful
(cutting him off) moe's is closed huh ?#(mopey) yeah now what am i supposed to do ?
we can enjoy each others' company#(thinks then) okay
(startled noise then recovers) i did not see you come in#well since moe's is closed again i thought i'd help you cook dinner
(biggest startled noise)#what are we watching ?
(puzzled noise)#after the title page it is bob dole's memoirs
int simpson house  kitchen  afternoon)#now that i have all this free time i thought i would do you a huge favor
that is nice what kind of favor ?#i organized the kitchen i labeled everything with a label maker
i organized the kitchen i labeled everything with a label maker#and i also mixed all the spices together into one super spice
(hyperventilates)#uhoh what kind of ventilating is that ?
good day to you#wow marge i can not believe you are taking me to a sports bar
int sports bar  moments later)#watchin' hockey watchin' 'em pass that puck oh yeah
what was the greatest xfl team that never won a championship ?#uh the long island ice teas ?
homie i thought you were at that sports bar#well that place was for diehard sports fans not guys like me who are only fans when their team makes the playoffs so i decided to take apart the washing machine to see where that penny i left in my pants went
ext moe's tavern  evening  establishing)#ah those guys are all crooks they charge you for parts and labor ? pick one buddy i can do this just fine by myself
ah those guys are all crooks they charge you for parts and labor ? pick one buddy i can do this just fine by myself#do not worry i got it
hey there neighbor you look as puffed up as a peacock in a#(huge retching noise)
(ominous) hooked for life#(extremely surprised noise) marge you ruined my shot
int homer and marge's bedroom  a little later)#that was awesome i feel like the tiger woods of sex
int simpson house  tv room  moments later)#it is four am  you kids should've been in bed a half hour ago
we are watching the nobel prize announcements live from stockholm#oooh the nobies
huzzah i had him in the pool#lucky
the peace prize#(grimly) i would kill for that
(shocked gasp)#(shocked gasp)
i am looking forward to visiting the arctic circle or as i call it my wife's side of the bed for the purposes of that joke i am married#(giant extended laugh that ends in wheezing)
ext krusty's limo  a little later)#(reminiscent giggle) arctic circle i just got that (more giggles)
all right all right settle down homer you are the easiest laugh i know#(carson audience) how easy am i ?
(fed up) shut up i am gonna need you in the audience when i accept the peace prize in oslo#(gasp) can my son come too ? he knows what to do when i swallow my tongue
(sings) they fight and bite / they fight and bite and fight / fight fight fight / bite bite bite / the itchy and scratchy show#they fight and bite ? i never go to europe without learning something
how 'bout that airline food huh ? they should've called it chicken cordon blecch#(weary laugh) another good one
you are not in oslo you are in holland specifically the hague#did you say a hague ?
i said the hague#(short scream)
we do not put "euro" in front of everything euroguards take him away in eurocuffs#wait not so fast we found something to save krusty
is it region one or region two ?#uh what region is america ?
region one#woo hoo (chanting) we are region one we are region one
first we are visiting grampa#no fair we just went to church
(chuckles) i just want to see the look on your faces when i share with you the fruits of a lifetime of labor#(incredulous) fifty bucks each ? that is your life savings ?
ext costington's  day  establishing)#(sings to self) his strike zone's the size / of a tuna fish can
ext simpson house  evening  establishing)#five hundred dollars ? that is like ten dead grampas some of us stuck to our limit marge and i would've loved to rent this carpet cleaner another day
is that the cat in there ?#well it is a cat  i am not sure it is the cat
do not worry homer  i will return the handbag first thing tomorrow#you know what honey ? just because we can not afford to keep that handbag does not mean that you two can not have one night at the most glamorous place in town
you know a much nicer table just opened up#(chuckles) after bart that bag's the best mistake we ever made
int asia de cuba de springfield  night)#come on marge  let's hit the buffet
you go ahead i will stay here if i get something on this handbag i will not be able to return it#oh you do not want to wait for that buffet  wiggum's making his move
homer take me home#sure sure
sure sure#let me just grab one more shrimp
(very nervous) i'd like to return this handbag unused#(walking up) i believe this stranger
well here's your refund#(chuckles) check and mate
thank god i will never do that again#wait a minute marge do not you realize what just happened ?
wait a minute marge do not you realize what just happened ?#(a little sotto) you got to enjoy that bag for nothing we can buy stuff we can not afford temporarily own the hell out of it and then indignantly bring it back for a full refund (small laugh)
(a little sotto) you got to enjoy that bag for nothing we can buy stuff we can not afford temporarily own the hell out of it and then indignantly bring it back for a full refund (small laugh)#(growing excitement) (holds up hat) hide a sandwich in this hat (holds up umbrella) "mary poppins" myself to work with this umbrella
(worried) homie you know what happens when you push your luck#yeah the luck lasts longer thanks to the power of returns this store is our closet (booming laugh)
ext simpson house  night)#come in come in do not wipe your feet
did you find a mouse head in your cuppasoup ?#i wish (sneaky chuckle then) what the hell are you doing ?
with this protective plastic overlay i can not tell if i am watching an old "seinfeld" or an old "old christine"#now everyone onto the hot tub
now everyone onto the hot tub#(seductive) come on on the cardboard's fine (chuckles)
int costington's  day)#(breezy) good afternoon i'd like to return this merchandise (points at different items) wrong size wrong color not as pictured and other reason please explain
sir this suitcase has an airline tag on it these pingpong balls have been served and volleyed and this hot plate's still warm#yes uh maybe i will just come back during someone else's shift is claire working today ? she is a real sucker
hello homer#(quick scream) how do you know my name ?
i am chris hansen from "to catch a creditwhore" we know you have been returning used items all over town#(nervous chuckle) it is not what you think i came here to warn them yes to warn them about um
people like you ?#yes i mean no i mean (terrified noise) you will never get me
yes i mean no i mean (terrified noise) you will never get me#i have to sign a release so you can broadcast this right ?
i have to sign a release so you can broadcast this right ?#initial there and (finishes signing then once again terrified) never
initial there and (finishes signing then once again terrified) never#can you tell me when this is gonna be on ? i am thinking of having a party
anything that is the something of the something is not really the anything of anything#(sullen) hello flanders do not you have a neighbor on the other side ?
homie maybe you could do it#sorry marge the last time i stepped on a baseball field i got tased
you know someday these kids will be out of the house and you will regret not spending more time with them#that is a problem for future homer man i do not envy that guy
hey dad#(tipsy) hey pal howya doin' ?
int press booth  continuous)#(excited) hey let's hold hands and skip inside
here's my uniform since i will not be needing it any more#woo hoo underpants dinner
no it is not#(sad moan)
cut it out you are upsetting the gravy boat#i will put a stop to this nonsense
lisa can not you let your brother back on the team ? fly balls and fungoes come and go but family is forever#sorry marge i gotta call bullcrap on that the '69 mets will live on forever but you think anyone cares about ron swoboda's wife and kids ? not me  and i assume not ron swoboda
what about bart's feelings ?#boys do not have feelings they have muscles
why do you say such ridiculous things ?#they sound good in my brain then my tongue makes not the words sound very good formally
int lisa's room  continuous)#then pete rose plowed into his friend ray fosse
brother bear said "sister bear is inconsiderate"#(simultaneous with the above) dislocating fosse's shoulder in a meaningless game
(simultaneous with the above) dislocating fosse's shoulder in a meaningless game#(louder) he had earned the nickname "charlie hustle"
it is the most exciting play in baseball go bart#if he makes it that is my son
followhome robberies i will see you in the parking lot but you will not see me (pulls off headphones pulls out hood and puts it on) until it is too late#you stink
ext drops and risers game  day)#oh man i am never comin' down
oh man i am never comin' down#(doppler plummeting noise)
(doppler plummeting noise)#woo hoo another ladder
woo hoo another ladder#ridin' high (doppler) sinkin' low (quick effort noise then) top of the heap (doppler) down i go (quick effort noise then) on top for good (doppler) oh cruel hubris
ext sailboat  continuous)#(casual) man it is been a crazy morning champagne ?
oh homie what a great idea to take a cruise in uncharted waters#yeah charts are for squares baby
(pleasure noises)#(aggravated moan) that is my cell phone
(aggravated moan) that is my cell phone#(into phone annoyed) what is it ? (beat then) lenny i am on a second honeymoon you will have to pick your own lotto numbers (shuts phone seductive to marge) now where were we ?
(into phone annoyed) what is it ? (beat then) lenny i am on a second honeymoon you will have to pick your own lotto numbers (shuts phone seductive to marge) now where were we ?#oh baby let's give those seagulls something to squawk about
(confused noise)#(turned on) oh yeah baby i like it when you are distracted
homie help him up#(sighs) fine i will get the hook
(sighs) fine i will get the hook#do not fight it that is it that is it a little more how is that ?
do not fight it that is it that is it a little more how is that ?#(kindly) you are safe now my friend
he is nothing but hard bronze muscle#okay this guy's taken care of so uh you know
i am not really in the mood anymore#(disgruntled) fine i am going for a walk
poor man you have been through so much#(rolls eyes) hey i have had a hard trip too one of the lenses fell out of my sunglasses
oh roger you really know what you are doing#(shocked gasp)
(sad sigh) god it was horrible#(gritted teeth) marge can i have a word with you in private ?
(gritted teeth) marge can i have a word with you in private ?#(grim) i do not trust that guy i bet he killed everyone on that boat himself
that is so sweet#(bitterly) why do pie makers get all the girls ?
(to homer sotto) why did you do that ?#(to marge sotto) it was poisoned
(sotto) no it wasn't#(sotto argument weakening) well it was rhubarb
(sotto) no it was berrypeach#berrypeach ? that is my favorite
the pie was poisoned you were right (grim) i guess we have got to kill him before he kills us#well we'd better do it quick (terrified) because he is making scones
well we'd better do it quick (terrified) because he is making scones#(thinks) they should call this one "recipe for murder"
what do you mean this one ?#never mind
(stagey) oh roger would you hand me the suntan oil ?#ooh got a text
dear god we just killed a man#(nods) yeah the decent thing to do is bury him at sea
(nods) yeah the decent thing to do is bury him at sea#(calling over side of boat) come 'n' get it barnacles
(aghast) roger was telling the truth#this proves nothing roger could've been the one that killed them
low sodium#(gasps) then his story was true
(creepy) well if it is not my saviors#(nervous chuckle) hey pal how ya been ?
do not you "pal" me why did you try to kill me ?#the pie you baked us killed that shark
the pie was clean the shark died from the fuel leaking out of your boat#("oh yeah" noise)
(aghast) why did you do that ?#we had to kill him or he'd tell people we tried to kill him
yes i suspected our host would poison us so i gave everyone an antidote before dinner#looks like you have got a flair for avoiding death
looks like you have got a flair for avoiding death#oh come on just a second
oh come on just a second#bankers away
(doppler dying noise)#i repeat no one will ever know
(sadly) we will know#marge what are you doing ? that pie is poisoned
(dying) i can not live with the guilt (dies)#(sobs) she just wanted to ride bikes through new england but those seats hurt my ass (sobs more)
int simpson house  bathroom  day)#ever wonder what she thinks about ?
(nervous) edmund's almost here so please nobody be themselves#(weary) i know i know do not serve garlic do not stab your guest in the heart with a wooden stake do not ask him if he knows frankenstein it is racist somehow
dinner is served i tried to make what homer said you liked#i get the drumstick
int simpson house  kitchen  a little later)#(to vampire dad) okay okay if a mosquito bites you does it become a vampire too ?
("it is been a long night") yes#okay okay if you bite your tongue does it become a vampire ?
int car  continuous)#man you vamps got it made you sleep all day
ext springfield streets  night)#boy this place has every kind of vampire there is
boy this place has every kind of vampire there is#excuse me ?
excuse me ?#have you seen these kids ?
(points urgent) there they are#superteam  fly
(extreme groan) i am dracula not the hulk#("spurring" him) hyah hyah
(snarls) too late the bloodlust is upon me#back off you unholy dreamboat
back off you unholy dreamboat#pretty ironic  a cross being used to kill someone
(weakly) yes but at least you are safe my son#(impressed) whoa you bloodsucking freaks love your kids too ?
(scream)#(defiant) well nobody loves his kids more than me
(defiant) well nobody loves his kids more than me#come and get it
(moans) his blood it is full of cholesterol#and not the good kind (booming laugh)
and not the good kind (booming laugh)#(triumphant) woohoo
uh dad ? they turned you into a vampire#yes i can fly see you back at the house
yes i can fly see you back at the house#(horrified doppler) nooooo
do notcha want her beyond all reason ?#(chuckles) maggie you can not climb into the tv (grim shakes fist) if you could i'd make alex trebek answer some questions
dad i think maggie's just sad 'cause her set is missing "baby musthave"#(booming) no child of mine will go without anything ever except quality healthcare
ext texxon station  pump area  moments later)#nice part of town you got here too bad you keep it so far away (chuckles) now that we are best friends can i get the baby elf ?
(hick) pick a box  you get what you get#you can not tell what is inside (sad moan) of all the times not to have xray vision
you can not tell what is inside (sad moan) of all the times not to have xray vision#i will take that one
i will take that one#aw this is not the right one  she wants the baby
i can not give you another toy till you buy another ten gallons of gas#(mad) you are lucky you are behind glass
ain't no glass#sure it is easy to slap people when you are hidin' behind that glass
you have a good day#(mutters as he heads back to car) drive all the way get the wrong elf ain't no glass i will show 'em  i will buy ten more gallons of their stupid gas
int simpson car  continuous)#woo hoo
ext texxon station  moments later)#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(annoyed grunt)
(weary) oh homie maybe we should call it a day#oh i am sorry maggie but even at your age i am sure you understand things can not always go your way and that is why (rising furious) i can not believe we did not get that stupid elf (huge sobs)
ooo everything's changed that tree used to be a smaller tree and that food bank used to be a regular bank#(impressed) the march of progress
well stop in and say "hi" to me 'cause i will still be there  chillin' in my basement bachelor pad#be sure to water the flowers on my backyard grave
as long as i can dig you up and stick you on the front porch every halloween#just do not dress me up like a woman
well as long as we do not have to feed this one (laughs)#(fakes laughing along then loud whisper to marge) tell her "no deal"
you see that mirror ? i discovered that if i sat in the kitchen i could see if the bathroom was free using the reflection from the mirror off the toaster#(happy hums flossing noises)
dad can i talk to you for a second ?#what is troubling you my son ? i mean my girl son ?
(delicately) well um i was looking through mom's old schoolwork and i noticed her grades went down when she started going out with you#hey if it hadn't been me it would have been someone or something else sooner or later everyone meets their "homer"
no offense dad but no boy is gonna distract me from my dreams#it may not be a boy it could be anything scrapbooking highstakes poker or the santa fe lifestyle just pick a dead end and chill out till you die
that is odd lisa just threw her saxophone out the window#oh that is probably because to her the saxophone is a me and she does not want to end up like you g'night
(horrified) she does not want to end up like me ?#(swallows then) no she does totally but uh with a happier ending goodnight
(hurt) what is so wrong with me ?#nothing sweetie nothing here let me explain
nothing sweetie nothing here let me explain#she does not want to turn out like you did not not until diplomatic trapped help (like hypnotist) remember nothing (claps hands twice)
(sadly) i remember everything#well if you check your purse i think you will find the seven of clubs
(sadly) no just a picture of lisa who wants to be nothing like me#i am so sorry marge
(puzzled) the seven of clubs#(passing by) tada
mom dad please can i go here ? i will study so hard i will make the old me look like bart#that would be one weirdlooking kid
(pleading) mom please do not#oh i have seen that look before that is the "i ate the piece of wedding cake she is been saving in the freezer ten years" look
(to homer) you what ?#run
(ecstatic) i have a future (hugs marge) thank you mom#(hugs admissions director) thank you foureyes
(huge whoops hollers)#(softly) what time monday ?
um eight o'clock#(softly) thank you
(huge whoops hollers)#all right
that school is so great teachers teach so much better when they are paid in money and not in chickens is mom gonna come up and say goodnight ?#your mom's doing laundry but she authorized me to say goodnight for her so by the power vested in me i now pronounce you sweet dreams
i am so glad you two are friends again#look what maggie got
homer ? how did you get ?#up a father has his secrets
ext simpson house  backyard  day)#(paranoid) hurry up boy we have to burn everything the cat touched before the virus makes us paranoid
(blows out match) they have a vaccine#all right we will get the vaccine
(suspicious) homer did you know he was in the pile ?#i thought he was an old clump of rags
no it is better that they hear it from me i will tell them the truth in the simplest way i know how#(moans) why did burns make us all come here ?
the truth is i am dying#hell yeah
i hope they use that spit for a good cause like sealing wedding envelopes#or helping a railroad worker grip his sledgehammer
hm apparently mr burns is in a state of shock from the trauma he underwent#oh man this is great the most evil man in town is in our power (laughs tents fingers) he will do my bidding at that fantasy football auction and anything else my limited imagination can come up with (sadistic laugh)
just because mr burns was mean to you that does not give you the right to abuse him when he is helpless#marge it is the golden rule treat others the way they mess with you
ext springfield  construction site  day)#now boy everyone in town gets burns for half an hour to do as they will
this town can not teach its kids or collect its garbage but we lead the nation in pointless revenge#amen
amen#okay burnsie follow the carrot
dad you are gonna wreck him for everybody#do not worry boy another girder always swings in for you to walk on right when you get to the end
do not worry boy another girder always swings in for you to walk on right when you get to the end#where is the other girder ?
where is the other girder ?#(incredibly anguished noise)
dad mr burns is here for you again#(moans) already ?
a little tired of revenge are we ?#yeah i have done all i can do in that medium (sips beer)
it wasn't kindness that was keeping me alive it was bile building up inside loathing is my life blood and rage my royal jelly so yes thank you springfield for giving me the secret to eternal life  hate#(proudly) you are welcome
int simpson house  bart's bedroom  continuous)#and so the bloody hangman his hair sticky with blood skittered along the cobblestones gunk dripping from his one good eye singing his evil land chantey
and so the bloody hangman his hair sticky with blood skittered along the cobblestones gunk dripping from his one good eye singing his evil land chantey#(bloody hangman voice) kershaw kershew / i am after you / with my bloody noose / strong enough to hang ten moose / kershaw kershew / it is just a story but it is really true
homer are you scaring those kids ?#(sweetly calling up) no i am noot (low ominous to kids) yes i am the bloody hangman walks on his stubby bone feet through the plagueridden streets of london
you said it was boston#did i ? (scary) anyway the bloody hangman set to his gory work bodies piled up like those stackable plastic chairs
(scared) like those chairs in the music room ?#(super scary voice) possibly
(scared noise)#(chuckles turn to screams)
ext bart's bedroom  corridor  continuous)#(shrieks) the hangman's here
int simpson house  upstairs hallway  continuous)#(quickly scared) kershaw kershew my lies have come true
ext simpson back yard)#(proudly) all finished boy
that coop looks a little flimsy#(scoffing) flimsy ? this gentle pat says different
(scoffing) flimsy ? this gentle pat says different#(annoyed grunt)
wow ray you have hidden talents#is he good at tictactoe like that chicken i played lost to and ate at the state fair ?
no i was thinking we could use him to send messages back and forth#way ahead of you
hey homer you ever think about racing that bird ?#you can race pigeons ?
ah now lay off detroit them people is living in mad max times but i was thinking you could enter this bird in the annual springfield to shelbyville birditarod hm ?#hmm me the patriarch of a birdracing dynasty
congratulations homer#danica patrick in my thoughts
(enters) you brickyard bimbo#(chuckle) ended that a little too soon
(chuckle) ended that a little too soon#what they do not suspect is that i am into this (fighting noise then sneaky chuckle)
(screams) dad help#stupid dog let go of that delicious bird
(screams) nooooo#come on out birdie follow the sound of my (echoes) voicevoicevoice
you have not earned the right to say that to me#dearly beloved i'd like to open this service with the words of emily dickinson "hope is the thing with feathers"
"hope is the thing with feathers"#(annoyed moan) stupid dog
how can you say a thing like that ?#marge listen to the man  he pays bart's salary
no he does not#why can not you support my gibberish ? i'd do it if you were stupid
int doctor thurston' office  continuous)#(shakes head) a shrink who takes kids and pets ?
hey in this economy i will even remove tattoos#even my tramp stamp ?
even my tramp stamp ?#i got the idea from a show where people regret these
homie why do not you study these ?#(chuckles sobs noise of fear turned on) oh baby (delighted) well whaddaya know (frustrated) oh come on
so bart as the one with the larger brain#(sotto to bart) nicely done boy
(firmly) as sure as i am that i will be billing you for that torn magazine#(concerned) oh that is pretty sure subscription rate right ?
(very firm) newsstand#(frustrated noise)
what about all the other pets you told us went to a farm upstate ?#(thinking back) hmm back yard back yard toilet ocean do not know back yard flanders' mailbox lenny's freezer tire fire
well "ditching" is a harsh word#enough chitchat time for operation dog dump
it wasn't really a lot of chitchat#it was still too much
we will take good care of your dog#i am sure you will because you take such good care of your ostriches
i am sure you will because you take such good care of your ostriches#(charles nelson reilly noise) maybe we should get going
bart sweetie would you like to say goodbye ? (gestures to dog)#marge i am watching a rerun of an important bowl game
(a little choked up) well boy i guess this is it we have shared a lot of great memories like the time we got our picture in the paper with the caption "who is walking who ?"#(choked up) i mailed them the answer but they never printed it
(choked up) i'd like a moment to ourselves#(excited) ooo unknown caller
(excited) ooo unknown caller#hey
hey#all right you gimme back my phone and nobody gets hurt
all right you gimme back my phone and nobody gets hurt#(sobs) you said nobody gets hurt those were your exact words
int simpson car  a short time later)#well bart learned a lesson and most important of all we do not have to stop and pick up dinner
(glumly) you do for me#(choking noises)
(keith jackson) and that last touchdown makes it sixtyseven to thirteen#maggie (chuckles)
you mean your gingerbread mcmansion#hey show some respect three gingerbread workmen died making that
hey show some respect three gingerbread workmen died making that#i am sorry but this leg's gonna have to go
i am sorry but this leg's gonna have to go#(gently) you are gonna be okay
(gently) you are gonna be okay#it is almost over
it is almost over#now to take care of the witnesses
hey simpson how come you ain't in combat like a real man ?#(embarrassed) i am too fat to fit in a foxhole
ext 1940s version of simpson house  late afternoon)#kids remember when i promised to feed us from that victory garden ? well instead i grew this tree
(stepping into doorway) do not dare bring that thing in here#(baffled noise) you do not want a christmas tree ? that is crazy next you will not want a christmas ham
so i never want to see another christmas tree until mom comes back safe and sound (small sobs)#sweetie if your mother was in trouble they'd tell us as soon as they could
(squeakyvoiced teen) telegram#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#marge is mia ? (sobs) oh my god she changed her name ?
no that says she is missing in action#(anguished wail)
(sobs) see ? every time we get a tree mom disappears#why could not it have been me ?
it still could be you just have to go down to the recruiting station and#shut up
yeah (sadly) my only sale all year and it is not even a sale#whose turn is it to cry ?
yours#(huge sobs)
quitcher bellyaching about marge and let me read the paper#(gasp) look at that picture
(sobs)#(confused noise)
yes but then i learned that there is always hope someday this war will be over someday our mom will be back#someday tv will be invented and it will be free then it will cost money
now this is a challenge#now remember pack only necessities
a slumbering hubby is now a traditional christmas tableau (to camera) copyright martha stewart#(groggy noise)
do not worry marge it is a good thing#(worried noise)
there there#(scared noise)
shh#(muffled relaxing sound)
we brought you breakfast in bed#now we just have to make it
(sings) everywhere you go#(sing) you will be oh so pleased / when the oj is freshlysqueezed / and toast is made from homemade (annoyed grunt)
(sing) you will be oh so pleased / when the oj is freshlysqueezed / and toast is made from homemade (annoyed grunt)#we are gonna go out for breakfast / we will go out to eat / it will be any place you choose / as long as it is run by jews / (exiting) 'cause they do not think this holiday's so great
we are gonna go out for breakfast / we will go out to eat / it will be any place you choose / as long as it is run by jews / (exiting) 'cause they do not think this holiday's so great#(sings) aloha'oe / aloha'oe hurry up kids we gotta get to the airport
hey get this off hey get this off#now nothing stands between us and sunny hawa
merry humbug everyone#aiyiyiyi
what is wrong homie ?#i got the week off by telling mr burns i had a neck injury
i got the week off by telling mr burns i had a neck injury#mr burns why'd you come to see me ?
wait what is this ? carpetbags and portmanteaus ? (suspicious) going somewhere simpson ?#uh uh
simpson where is your christmas tree ?#coming
just what is going on here ?#fine i will come clean
(gasps) it is a christmas miraculum#no it is not (admitting) i just told a lie so we could go to hawaii
we did that one already#sh
there is only one upside to today#(hungover snores) c'mon jus' one more drink marge
(very loud) happy new year#(pained scream)
i know when the freakin' fiesta bowl is#sweetie relax let's just watch some tv
well well well simpson you have committed springfield's first crime of the new year write him up lou#(shocked) huh ? what'd i do ?
failed to separate your bottles and newspapers#fifty bucks ? that used to cover two public nudities and a poop in the park
(shocked noise) that is vandalizing city property write him up again lou#(frustrated) what the hell ?
mild obscenity before ten am also illegal#(imploring) c'mon lou gimme a break
sorry sir i take no pleasure in it (hums happily as he hits more buttons) oh yeah#since when is all this against the law ?
since today as of jan one a bunch of new ordinances  with uh outrageous financial penalties  took effect#(distraught) this is supposed to be the happiest day of my life and it is ruined
(distraught) this is supposed to be the happiest day of my life and it is ruined#oh i get it the government runs out of money so they pass a bunch of lameo laws to sock it to the little guy
(annoyed) fine you are "tellin' it like it is" also a crime now and that one's gonna cost ya#that is almost a thousand dollars
rounding up your total that is a fifty dollar fine#(small moan)
int court house clerical area  day)#(moans) ten minutes ? i can not wait that long i left an ice cream cone in my cup holder
homer simpson you are under arrest for attempted bribery of a public official#chief this is just a big misunderstanding i meant to write "bride" it is a wedding present
oh how thoughtful#(shrieks) my bribe
homer simpson you are hereby sentenced to ten years in the federal penitentiary (bangs gavel)#(brave) it is okay it is okay i can be out in eighteen months with good behavior
(sad) we are simpsons dad we do not do good behavior#(enraged) do not tell me i am not capable of good behavior
(enraged) do not tell me i am not capable of good behavior#your honor i would like to request a sidebar
ten years (pitying noise) that is a long time to be away from your family#(sadly to himself) all that time i will be stuck in my cell unable to exercise
actually most convicts work out like crazy#i repeat unable to exercise
simpson we are currently conducting a twentyyear investigation into the activities of anthony "fat tony" d'amico#what ? this guy ?
what ? this guy ?#("oops" noise)
(disgusted noise then) we are gonna plant you in fat tony's gang as an undercover informant#i can not go undercover with fat tony he is met me i have been in his house i was briefly his (attempting to pronounce) consiglieri consugly canolli robert duvall
so we are gonna plant you in the prison with a disguise and a new name#can i be johnny undercover ?
that is a little obvious#okay melvin mafia
no you will be known as nicky "blue pants" altosaxophony#can i keep the name after i am done ?
no it belongs to the government#(moans)
now pay attention we are gonna move in on fat tony when he takes delivery on a shipment of belgian guns in your left sideburn is a fiberoptic camera in your right a wireless mic to zoom in you go ayyyyy to zoom out go ohhh#ayyyy ohhhh ayyyy ohhhh
ayyyy ohhhh ayyyy ohhhh#fuhgetaboutit
that activates the autodestruct#(shocked pained noises)
ext springfield prison  cloudy day  establishing)#uh what is my name again ?
uh what is my name again ?#okay i am comin'
okay i am comin'#i'd like a third helping please
you do know the meat is made from diseased pigeons#just get the ladle down there deep  that is where the beaks are
just get the ladle down there deep  that is where the beaks are#hey you are that guy from the fb
(clasping hand over homer's mouth) time to go to work (beat) stop licking my hand#there was barbecue sauce on it
i rough up louie then you stand up to me earning his trust#(earnest) but i have not earned his trust if it is based on a lie
enough of your dime store morality#what is a dime store ?
(mean laughter)#blue pants power
hey nicky blue you are one tough yegg (confidential) if you come out of your beatin' in one piece you and i should have a facetoface#beating ? what beating ?
beating ? what beating ?#oh that beating
do not worry we are not gonna touch you we will make it sound like a beating by tenderizing these steaks#can i have any of the steaks ?
can i have any of the steaks ?#(agonized noises in great pain)
int prison cafeteria  outside the kitchen  continuous)#(more agonized noises) that is so mean
whoa i am impressed over here with that guy over there#please let me have it (more agonized noises) come on give it to me right in the mouth (more agonized noises)
int homer's cell  a little later)#(sighs) well back in my keister you go
now let us escort you to freedom#how're you gonna do that ?
i detect a distinct lack of oregano#(all business) i will take care of this
you carry oregano with you ?#(nods) oregano basil rosemary
my beloved anna maria i hope heaven's powder room is painted that eggshell blue you could never achieve on earth#(wiping away tear) sorry boss
no apology necessary i am touched you and me nicky we feel legs louie jimmy the axe tommy the face shooter  they never share my grief#(scoffs) yeah those guys are probably fbi informants
you think an informant could get that close to me ?#oh yeah i got in your gang and you barely know who i am
ext street  night)#(very nervous) what are we doing here ?
why you i am gonna chop you into pieces and make you into a rubik's cube which i will never solve#well i guess i could tell him he could improve his phone etiquette
(suspicious) what is the matter nicky ? you got a problem with this job ?#(nervous) oh no no i was uh just thinking how cheap this crime would have been in the seventies when gas was thirtyfive cents a gallon (nervous chuckle)
exquisite as a reward i have planned a little surprise for you#(startled noise)
int italian social club  night)#(terrified) this is horrible i keep smelling my own breath
(meaningfully) nicholas blue pants you have shown great fazagabool in the face of overwhelming spoogatzagatini#(very puzzled noise)
nicky welcome to the family from now on you do not know where you end and we begin your problems are our problems#my neck is kind of itchy
now that you mention it it is itchy like crazy#(incredibly touched noise)
to heterosexual male friendship the kind the greeks wrote about#huh ?
(in homer's earpiece) all units move in#(desperate) tony you have gotta get outta here  now
what ? why ?#do not ask questions just go
get a shot of tony with the guns#(worried) ayyyy
closer#(more worried) ayyyy
too close#ohhhh
closer#ayyyy
too close#ohhhh
he is dead#no you are wrong check again
homer i just want to say that of all the rat bastards we have had working for us you were the snitchiest#so that is it you used me to kill a man and all i get is a handshake and a blanket ?
and i am not gonna shake your hand#poor tony he did not deserve this he was just a soldier in a war he started
homie i know you had a terrible experience but it is over#it is not over marge it will never be over when i shut my eyes all i see is fat tony and me having drinks at that bar on the beach
you never took me to that bar on the beach#oh well uh you would not like it it is not very good
sounds pretty good#no no i oversold it
ext springfield cemetery  day)#i'd give anything to bring you back
(ominous) wake up homer#(horrified gasp) fat tony ?
no  i am his cousin from san diego fit tony#(impressed) wow i have never seen a mobster use a tracksuit for exercising
(menacing) and there is no better exercise than killing and disemboweling a big fat snitch#i understand i loved him too (sobs)
your tears seem in no way crocodilian#(sad) do what you gotta do the quicker you kill me up here the quicker he can kill me down there
int gym  a little later)#i worked for fat tony and he was the best boss i ever had
well this is awkward#wha oh oh uh mr burns ? uh you were cool too
this is gonna be great a real rumble just like in that movie where the jets fought the sharks#he took me to a fight that he fixed but he never let on not even when i bet five hundred dollars on the wrong guy (chuckles) then he said he would dope a horse for me
(menacing) homer it is time (then pleasant) to switch your elliptical machine to cooldown mode#(breathing heavily) are you gonna kill me now ? 'cause i am super ready
no because my cousin lives on in your memories and to extinguish you would be to whack what still remains of him#(stunned) wow the killers have been kind to me while the people who were supposed to protect me treated me like dirt what kind of a world is this ?
it is pretty screwedup that is why i keep my friends close#and your enemies closer ?
no why would i do that ? if they were close they would kill me#fit tony took his cousin's place running the springfield mob
fit tony took his cousin's place running the springfield mob#the pressures got to him so he started to eat soon he was known as "fit fat tony" then just "fat tony" for short
the pressures got to him so he started to eat soon he was known as "fit fat tony" then just "fat tony" for short#and me ? now i am just an average shnook like everyone else
and me ? now i am just an average shnook like everyone else#stuck in this backwater burg where all you can count on is your family and the only one who ever shot anyone is the baby
stuck in this backwater burg where all you can count on is your family and the only one who ever shot anyone is the baby#and i have to admit it is a pretty good life
why do you have to eat peanuts in the shower ?#can not start the day without that freshfromthecircus feeling (hums)
(annoyed murmur)#are you through with the chair ? i have got to do the taxes
it is all yours#(to self) okay let's see number of dependents three um add to line thirteen
three um add to line thirteen#hm better check last year's return
hm better check last year's return#hm
our husbands#been a while since our wives got together huh ?
let's just shut up and get through this all right ?#(clockticking sounds)
homer stop doing that#(clockticking sounds)
homer#ooh i got a text
i got a text#are you gonna open it ?
no that page is not optimized for cell phone u why am i talking to you ?#(sadly) because you are my best friend in the room
(laugh)#anyone see a good beer commercial lately ?
oh and homie can you come home early from work tomorrow so i can have a girls' night out ?#sure i will stay home and skype with the guys at moe's
hey how ya doin' hom (freezing noise)#stupid flanders' wifi
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#(various impressed noises) ion hmm (gasps) no (reading) "irene ryan is (gasps) tv's granny"
(a little tipsy) thanks for the ride#(chuckles) this is late for marge i assume i have never been home at this hour
shh#(friendly) hey marge partaking of the grape were we ?
(unsuccessfully trying to hide tipsiness) just a little merloooot#(chuckles)
and anita's family rented a beach house and guess what ? they went to the beach every day#(moans) great that is great but i have to get to work in the morning
ext springfield four seasons hotel  day)#it is kind of weird us all being naked in here
we are not naked#right neither am i
int simpson house  upstairs hallway  night)#(turns page) ooh three
(sad) i could light these but it would not be the same#well i have put it off but today i am finally getting this garage organized
well i have put it off but today i am finally getting this garage organized#(dazed) guess i will put these tools away put 'em on hooks and stuff
ext simpson back yard  meanwhile)#(frustrated moan) can we at least drink beer or something ?
heydiddilyhi homer#oh you beautiful man
that feeling is mutual of omaha#(still hugging warmly) god you are hilarious
hey look the late shift's leaving#i do not like those guys
yeah they think they are better than us just because their performance reviews reflect that fact#(realizing worried) oh no i left a candy bar in my desk
that is funny 'cause i found this candy bar in my desk#(grim) time to punch in
yoink yah yah#(shrieks) a dinosaur
so uh what would you gentlemen like ? (nervous laugh) i mean i know what you would like and hey why would not you like it ? oh ain't being comfortable with something weird the best ? i am gonna pour some beers now#huh ?
hey what is that guy doing in the men's room ?#(gasp) he is washing his hands
(agreeing noises)#wait a minute your standard markup is four hundred percent ?
you know this is the first time i have ever been at moe's without that little voice in the back of my head saying "this is not a safe place to drink"#check out my tolerance marge i am going to use the men's room
check out my tolerance marge i am going to use the men's room#hey i did not know you were uh you know one of those
i am not comic book guy i am his cousin comic book gay#but you do like comic books
(sotto) just relax there waylon we got a great thing goin' on (normal voice) now we can afford real bowls of pretzels instead of trompel'oeiling 'em on the bar#(hums to self then very puzzled reaction)
(hums to self then very puzzled reaction)#ah got one (swallows it chokes)
(shocked and enraged gasp)#(chuckles) everyone in that live studio audience is dead now
we regret any confusion this may have caused#lisa mash the buttons till something good comes on
(sighs) oh no not "the face"#(wistful) life was so much easier when a machine told you when to laugh
int simpson house  tv room  20 minutes later)#(impressed) i liked the producing the executive producing and especially the coproducing but the supervising producing was the best i have ever seen
ext simpson house  backyard  day)#(puzzled noise)
can i have it dad ? can i ?#bart son if i bought you that bike you would not appreciate it
bart son if i bought you that bike you would not appreciate it#because when you get anything you want you do not want anything you get
what is this crap ? are you wearing a wire ?#(chuckles) someday you will understand that i am just being a good dad
are you kidding ? you are the worst dad who ever lived i'd rather take my chances in a hot car than go in a store with you#why you little
homer a good father is strong enough that he does not need to use his strength what bart needs is for you to strangle him with your love#hm i never thought of fatherhood as something that could affect a kid
hm i never thought of fatherhood as something that could affect a kid#son i will not strangle you anymore but i also will not get you that minibike
how 'bout this ? i let you punch me in the face and you get me a snowmobile#(kindly) wish i could son i really wish i could
now it is ready for garbage#(agonized noises)
what is wrong homie ?#bart's mad because he wanted me to buy him something but i did not think it was the right thing to do
bart's mad because he wanted me to buy him something but i did not think it was the right thing to do#(slightly embarrassed) marge not in front of the refrigerator
(kisses him again) there is nothing sexier than a man being a good dad whoa#(sly) well in that case lisa was using her solar calculator yesterday so i opened the drapes to let in more sun
dad if i get an "a" on my math test would that be worth some money ?#(considering) well in season two when sam got good grades he got a very surprising reward
(considering) well in season two when sam got good grades he got a very surprising reward#and if you do it son you will get the same
i did it i got an "a"#that is great
that is great#(big laugh)
uh dad if we could get to the reward ?#son you already have your reward the feeling of accomplishment you can only get from hard work
(furious) what the ? i wanted a minibike i told all my friends i was getting one#well if they care that much about whether you have a minibike then they weren't really your friends
yes they were but now they will not be because i do not have a minibike#hmm if this were a tv show that would be a helluva act break
hmm if this were a tv show that would be a helluva act break#but it could use a button (getting idea chuckling) oh what if i said well if you (thinking then giving up noise)
(lucille balltype wail)#you still see that crow on shows sometimes
(grumbling) stupid jerk he owes me a minibike and i am going to get it#(laughs)
(laughs)#(continues laughing then) hey apu
mister homer you inadvertently left your nuclear plant security badge in the birthday card rack#can not lose that it is the best picture of me i have
well i am more concerned with global terrorism america's enemies would give anything for your nuclear knowledge#yeah i do know a lot about nuclears
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#marge would you like a "thicker than waters" collectible plate ?
homer you can not order anything from that magazine it is twentyfive years old#oh yeah ? i will show you
oh yeah ? i will show you#"tv guide offer one world trade center"
(sincerely) dad i was thinking about it and you are right you should not buy me something i did not earn and because you gave me the tough love i did not know i needed i am gonna be spending lots and lots more time with you#awww
i love visiting you at work dad#and i love having you here son 'cause you can wake me up if somebody comes
and i love having you here son 'cause you can wake me up if somebody comes#(snores)
(snores)#check this out bart one of those retinal scan dealies it only opens to my eye or an exact copy
check this out bart one of those retinal scan dealies it only opens to my eye or an exact copy#(chuckles) let's see if this works
(chuckles) let's see if this works#(extreme pained noise agonized) damn that hurt
(extreme pained noise agonized) damn that hurt#i will just use my eye
i will just use my eye#(anguished noise)
no why in the world would you get me this ?#because you have been such a great kid lately and i wanted to show you i appreciated it
i have got summer squash#hmm the boy's acting really weird i did everything that tv show told me to and he is still not happy
well maybe you should not listen to a thirtyyearold tv show that only got on the air because the network had evidence that the president ran over a guy#where is he going ?
ext zoo entrance  day)#(puzzled) why on earth would a child go to the zoo ?
(menacing) a teddy bear made in china#step away from the traitor
dad#the boy's flash drive may be in there (points to bart's belly) but i have got a lifetime of nuclear secrets up here
ksh wmen nng xn de gu t hu b hochde songguli ma ?#i know what you are saying i understand food talk in every language
american fatso your knowledge helped us build this plant we would like you to have the honor of cutting the ceremonial ribbon#um i will see myself out
ext chinese street  a little later)#(back to us) okay who can take me to the airport for less than twenty dollars ? i can stand here all day
(back to us) okay who can take me to the airport for less than twenty dollars ? i can stand here all day#(moans) my feet hurt
you know dad i really did have a good time hanging out with you#well now it is time for the best kind of bonding  sitting next to each other in silence staring blankly at the tv
int simpson house  tv room  continuous)#(laugh uproariously)
i do not want to talk about my mom's hair#(sings) cherish that family smile / picket fence days go something something / the future is coming soon / mom and dad and kids are sommmmething (crying) that is my favorite song now sorry "do not fear the reaper" (more crying then) everybody air guitar come on do it with me use your whammy bar whew now fuzz it up excellent
boy i love valentine's day stir a drop of jgermeister into some pink lemonade slice in some strawberry chapstick call it "cupid's ambrosia" and you can charge up the wazoo#(chuckles) now all you need are customers (drains the drink) well better get home to the little woman (chuckles)
(chuckles) now all you need are customers (drains the drink) well better get home to the little woman (chuckles)#(to moe slightly concerned) do you have plans for tonight ?
well i am going to tell you my secrets right now#(grateful) oh thank you prior obligation
(gasp) homer we only have five minutes until the school bus comes#(horrified) drive my kids to school ? never
(horrified) drive my kids to school ? never#stupid double snuggler's hitch (struggles) only hope is to chew off my leg
stupid double snuggler's hitch (struggles) only hope is to chew off my leg#(anguished chewing noises) ow (more chewing) ow (more chewing) (more chewing) huh mmm not bad (more chewing) just a hundred and twentyseven more hours
(gasps) my first gray hair#(chuckles) oh marge do not worry a lot of movie stars have gray hair like all those women we loved in the eighties
(touched) homie you always mean to say the nicest things#(sweetly) well it is not easy with you talking all the time (chuckles)
(panicstricken) we are running out of time people we need an answer and it needs to be great#so chicken
(anxious) what do you think homie ?#sweetie you have always been beautiful but now you are my silver belle let me get the camera we use for precious moments and insurance claims
sweetie you have always been beautiful but now you are my silver belle let me get the camera we use for precious moments and insurance claims#(anguished noise) what has she done ? i feel like i am married to richard gere
(anguished noise) what has she done ? i feel like i am married to richard gere#i can not talk now i am talking to myself no no homer go ahead thanks homer it will just be a minute (to moe) what is up ?
ext singles club  evening  establishing)#so basically my job is to make you look good by comparison like west virginia does for virginia
so basically my job is to make you look good by comparison like west virginia does for virginia#(knowing chuckle) the good doctor has just the prescription
"jumping on the grenade" the wingman engages the less attractive friend isolating the target (shrinking noise)#you ever notice that pizzas have gotten so small lately ?
(diabetty voice) they are like dimes#yes that is exactly it
well a girl could starve to death#oh i know
"taking down a rival" aka "talk blocking" (powering down noise)#so lenny ever get that rebar out of your head ?
nice talkblocking would you be willing to wingman for me ?#well i do not know it is a lot of work
(selling) i just ordered this bottomless pitcher of beer and circumferenceless platter of nachos#deal
need some coolin' down hot stuff ?#(shrieks)
(very attracted) oh homer i have never seen a drunk hold his vomit like you (purrs)#(tipsy) i do keep it together (chuckles)
(tipsy) i do keep it together (chuckles)#uhoh usually when it gets this quiet mr burns is standing behind me
get your hands off my husband#(shrieks)
(nervous chuckle) this is a situation i call "the doctor is out" (disappearing noise)#marge ? what are you doing here ? this bar is for singles and wingmen only
(scared noise)#marge marge put down that broom you have got nothing to be afraid of from them i am a wingman part of a great tradition including val kilmer from "top gun" wedge antilles from "star wars" and me from now and you know why i am a great wingman ? because i have the confidence that comes from knowing i get to go home to you
(touched noise)#and you know what else this whole experience has taught me ?
true beauty is not about hair color ?#probably
but be honest when i say "beautiful woman" what pops into your head ?#well i guess i do have a "type"
(getting it) oh#is my job creating power empowering ?
hey dad did you color your hair too ?#(chuckles) only my hairdresser knows for sure
(playful) oh hello young man where is your father ?#(equally playful) he is dying in a retirement home now kiss me
bart's been alone for twentythree minutes let's get this yo on the road people#wait i have not chosen my mixin
wait i have not chosen my mixin#okay i will take some of that
well that is my tip jar#(all business) mix it in
(getting his breath back noises then calmly) i am bored#(furious) that is it boy i am eating your yogurt
you ate his yogurt in the car#he did not know that
he did not know that#(muttering) stupid kid all you do is cost me money money i could be wasting
is bart simpson here ? because i am about to make him and his family very wealthy#wealthy ? (to bart loud whisper) hey remember the guy who drove you to school that one time (points to self with thumb and winks) eh ?
the most comfortable ergonomic chair there is#so what brings you here mr chair ?
that is "angry dad" the semiautobiographical web cartoon i created#i legally forced him to say "semi"
do not thank me thank hollywood for being completely out of good ideas#my little roman polanski
homer#what ? what is wrong with being roman polanski ?
what ? what is wrong with being roman polanski ?#(listening growing concern) he what ?
(listening growing concern) he what ?#you monster
it is like meeting mickey mouse and walt disney at the same time#(bashful mickey mousetype laugh)
anything you can give us from real life ?#observe
(impressed noises)#(to male animator) soda ?
no thanks#more for me
well the cartoon's based on your dad  maybe he can do the voice can he get angry on cue ?#(happy humming turns to very upset noises)
(happy humming turns to very upset noises)#(angry bellows)
(calling out) hey homer you want to be the voice of angry dad ?#(still enraged) it would be an honor
the voice of angry dad will be on a speakerphone today#there is something going on at the nuclear plant that is a little more important that your "table read"
the movie' (reads) "angry dad addresses the family from the top of the stairs"#(proudly) "family today i graduate from my anger management class"
(reads) "angry dad slips and crashes down the stairs"#(reads) "pained noises"
no dad do not say "pained noises" you make pained noises#oh okay uh lenny hit me with that chair
(sad moan)#do not feel bad boy everyone makes mistakes yours is just public and expensive
"condiments" by mixarand angry dad#woo hoo
(surprised gasp)#i have many people to thank
i have many people to thank#angry dad's voice is part walter matthau (walter matthau voice) hey felix (homer voice) part little richard (imitates little richard) whoooo (normal voice)and a little bit of snoopy when he cries (snoopy crying noises)
sound mixers may not be glamorous but they make us sound so good#i'd like to thank mr speedy pants repair for sewing up my pants just before the ceremonyand the woman who has inspired me everyday for the past twentyfive years the cute one from the bangles see you at the cool party
(conga) i am going to the oscars not as a seat filler i will get a gift basket but i will not declare it#hey do not you know it is awards season ? who is calling you at five in the morning anyway ?
(sly) uh nobody wrong number#if i find out it is a right number you are in big trouble
ext watts towers  meanwhile)#uhoh
say why ain't you at the oscars ad ?#oscars ? what are you talking about ? my son gave me this list of awesome things to do in la
(deep voice) that is cold#(strokes chin) hmm who could possibly want to stop me from accepting an award ?
that means if another gang sees you they will kill you#i was born a rollin' eighty and i will die a rollin' eighty
this is it i finally get to accept an award for my movieexcept it is not just my movie it was my sister's idea to make this into a short and so many animators every day was somebody's birthday and you know what ? it was my dad's movie too i only wish he were here and not at cerritos auto square#(walking up) you got your wish boy i am proud of ya i am sorry i took all the credit
we can still order a replacement from the academy right ?#hey they are like five bucks on ebay
int beverly hiltontype hotel  banquet hall  later)#oh hi ricky gervais umm such an honor to meet you sir ridley i love your movies or as i call them "films" umm glad i bumped into you actually because uh i am looking to expand beyond comedy (starts crying) i know what you are thinking sir ridley (more crying) you are thinking "oh my word he is been making me laugh all these years but now he is moving me as well i am gonna have to put him in my new film (then normal) what do you think ?
oh hi ricky gervais umm such an honor to meet you sir ridley i love your movies or as i call them "films" umm glad i bumped into you actually because uh i am looking to expand beyond comedy (starts crying) i know what you are thinking sir ridley (more crying) you are thinking "oh my word he is been making me laugh all these years but now he is moving me as well i am gonna have to put him in my new film (then normal) what do you think ?#i am a seat filler
(noises of effort) this next move is tricky (noises of effort)#well why could not you have said that a minute ago ? do not take any of my ideas
okay we are gonna take turns having grampa as a roommate who wants to go first ?#(baby girl voice) me me i want him every night and forever and ever 'cause i love my
(baby girl voice) me me i want him every night and forever and ever 'cause i love my#(mouthclosed moan)
dad look this essence of a wildflower makes these angry scorpions docile#(tousles her hair) that is great honey if you were a boy you would be a scientist
or i will make doghead soup outta ya#(strokes chin) hmm if it works on nasty scorpions then maybe it will work on nasty stains
(strokes chin) hmm if it works on nasty scorpions then maybe it will work on nasty stains#it does
it does#and there is something else it might be good for
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#why are you guys eating so fast ?
dad is there anything unusual in grampa's coffee ?#uh you look tense let's discuss this over a cup of grampa's coffee
dad i know what you did#(shrieks)
and i locked the back door#(annoyed grunt)
(kisses him) oh thank you thank you (more kisses)#(tickled giggle) your kisses feel like raw liver
turns out it is not the point is when i am cranky nobody likes me sweet pea let me live as a happy man for my remaining thirty years#come on come on make with the laffy juice i wanna take grampa to have his bellybutton pierced
homer why do not you just make some more of the serum yourself ?#oh because lisa will not tell me what flower it is from
quiet (to homer) sir has your daughter found a drug that renders old people tolerable to us normals ?#yeah but lisa will not tell me how to make it
jawohl i have isolated the molecule#(chuckles) nerd
oh do not get me started on that one they are just plain better than the greats of my day god bless them and their refusal to learn english#huh ? this one did not make me feel anything
huh ? this one did not make me feel anything#(annoyed grunt that turns to dog howl)
ext simpson house  evening)#thank you for the tour of your factory mister wonka
gentlemen we have been doing a lot of funny things today but now i must be scary#(super serious) go ahead
(to homer) why you little#(happy gasp) that is what i was gonna call it
wait i can not go in there grinnin' like a swede on payday  it will rile up poor lisa if she knows i am still poppin' that smileypill#oh yeah  we better "grump it up"
no it is cool  it is like we have got our own monster#your grandfather is not a monster
your grandfather is not a monster#now let's chain him in the basement until the circus gets to town
bart why are you tugging on your collar ?#(threatening) it better be tonsillitis
well actually i may have accidentally traded a few of those pills for money#(horrified gasp)
ext springfield pharmaceuticals  day)#so i guess we are all in the same boat huh ?
(unhappy murmurs) / what ? well i never#walther let's not be so hasty who would begrudge them a few years of shambling dopefogged into the grave ? besides our generation's got everything under control now if you will excuse me i was supposed to be drunk an hour ago to moe's
walther let's not be so hasty who would begrudge them a few years of shambling dopefogged into the grave ? besides our generation's got everything under control now if you will excuse me i was supposed to be drunk an hour ago to moe's#flat tire ? no problem
flat tire ? no problem#(moans)
homer use your head just buy a new car#great idea but i do not have any money
you could take out a loan with your house as collateral#and i would not have to pay it back for three more years what are the odds of that much time happening ?
pretty close to zero i'd say#problem solved generation awesome does it again
(impressed noises)#their "cando" will bail out our "will nottry" every time
springfield natives cheech and chong are returning in triumph for a reunion show#(excited) cheech and chong are coming back to springfield ?
who the hell are cheech and chong ?#(shocked gasp) bart cheech and chong were the beavis and butthead of their day
who are beavis and butthead ?#(small heartbroken sob) i have failed as a parent i swore the day my son was born he would appreciate stoner comedy to the media room
oh man i gotta get rid of my grass#(gleeful giggles) he is flushing his pot down the toilet unnecessarily
(gleeful giggles) he is flushing his pot down the toilet unnecessarily#(contented sigh) back then we'd play these albums again and again till they were filled with skips and clicks and pops which was about three times
what are you guys doing up there ?#(panicked noise) hide the dope
we do not have any dope#then what did i just smoke ?
then what did i just smoke ?#(shrieks)
it is me dave man open up i got the stuff (more knocks)#(excited gasp) i thought they'd do bits  but their most famous bit ?
will you open up i got the stuff with me#(being strangled noises)
(being strangled noises)#(excited) ooo he is gonna say "dave's not here"
(excited) ooo he is gonna say "dave's not here"#dave's not here dave's not here
well how about this ? chong's not here (super aggro) man#(worried) oh no chong is refusing to fall back on his old catchphrases
homie you know all the bits maybe you could help him#i can not do reefer comedy  i am drunk two different animals (sips beer)
homer simpson that man's albums have given you decades of entertainment  and seen you through some very square times help him#(to audience) dave's not here man
no man i am dave dave#dave ?
that is right now open up the door#dave's not here man
just because it is too hip for you smithers#i will give dave your message
(not stoned) i do not find this funny at all#(proudly) my time being wasted was not wasted
(to homer) hey man you are alright how'd you like to be the new chong ?#yes (beat) will i get to meet dave ?
there is no dave#how 'bout don johnson ?
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#it is so cool for you to let me go on tour with cheech
and remember on the road the only vice you can indulge in is gluttony save lust and rage for me and the kids#(kindly) sweetie do not worry i am gonna come back so horny and angry
ext springfield street  a little later)#i can not believe i am riding around in cheech's van the van made of weed
it is not made of weed#oh what is it made of ? hash ? shrooms ? (loud whisper) lysergic acid diethylamide ?
no the van is just made of van#(disappointed noise)
look homer i really need you to be on your game you know ? a lot of our fans have gone through rehab so they are much more critical#do not worry cheech i know all the classic bits of you and chong
do not say that name now you drive  i have to go black out his face on some tshirts with a magic marker#(gasps) can we get high from the fumes ?
int tour van  continuous)#(singing) cheech and chong has lost its chong / i am the chong now take a little look / take a little look / take a little look at mee
(chuckles) that is funny homer now we really have to work on the show#oh yeah i getcha  "work on the show" maybe we should start at fourtwenty right ? (slight chuckle) marijuana reference
yeah i got it listen man comedy is hard work#(sadly) hard work ? i thought this was gonna be fun
(upbeat) it is fun the fun is the knowledge that our audience gets a good value for their hardearned dollar#(singing) cheech is sure a lot less cool / than i imagined
stop that#(sotto singing to "low rider") better shut up / cheech is really mad / i wish that i had gone with choong
you did all right kid you earned a reward#(knowing) oh yeah a reward from cheech
homer ?#(gnawing noises)
homer#hmm ?
(beaming) here's your reward#what the ?
yeah i am taking you to a museum man chong and i used to come here all the time#(huge moan) why are not you exactly like your stage persona ?
now homer this viramontes image is an example of how chicano poster art preserves a culture ignored by eurocentric society#eurocentric (bigger moan) when do we have wacky adventures ?
ah that is just the movies man#can we at least get some french fries ?
too high in transfats#stop speaking spanish
(school marm) now homer what did we agree about personal phone calls during rehearsal time ?#(sighs then rote) it is disrespectful to the high standards people have come to expect from cheech and chunk
that is right now let's take it from the part where we sniff each other's butts#(sadly) yes sir
come on sniff#(rote sniffing noises)
that is a movie sniff this is live theater now inhale damn it#(big long sniff)
(happy humming)#tour bus parked gotta save marge
i can not believe the crazy house would throw out all these forks#marge sweetie do you know how low low prices are "insane ?" well sometimes people can be too
but#do not look back marge do not look back
do not look back marge do not look back#let's just leave the crazy woman alone in our house we have got something more important to attend to
(tarzanlike scream)#we will deal with all that later
(laughs then) hey baby you want a ride ?#(sotto to chong) c'mon if art garfunkle could forgive that untalented twerp paul simon you can do this
you mean you put nothing over nothing#(loud whisper) tell him how you feel
yeah me too#(calling out) come on surrender to the moment do not make the mistake i always do of thinking too much before you act
dave's not here#hold on lemme get the door here
hold on lemme get the door here#who are you ?
you ruined it man  you weren't supposed to open the door#oh okay wait let's start again
close the door#i will be out here with you dave
hey homer ?#yes ?
why do not you go and get us some stuff ?#okay i will go get some stuff
all right way down there way way way far down there#way down here ?
yeah keep goin' keep goin' now turn the corner turn the corner#okay
yeah keep goin'#all right
it is me  relieved#gee sorry dave
ext power plant  parking lot  continuous)#hey mr burns needs our help
(semiimpressed noise)#looks like it is up to me let's see target at two o'clock adjust for wind (plucks hair tosses it)
just shoot already#but i have not finished my rituals yet
simpson your sharpenedshooting has saved my life name your reward anything  just name it#(beat) all your money and all your stuff
(menacing) lower and likelier#(nervously) uh super bowl tickets ? playoff tickets ? regular season bobblehead day ?
(scoffs) we will stay for one inning then we can go#well this has been great (checks watch) we should get home soon  the game's going to be starting
you are out of tonic#(chuckles) oh that is right (to bart and lisa) i hope you kids are enjoying yourselves today because you and your children will be paying for this place long after the team moves to another city
(excited) ooh the "fan cam"#(sings to music) everybody dance now do do do do / do do do do
(boos)#(to bart) come on party pooper  bust a move
eh this song's a little bossy for me#aw come on sourpuss (tickles bart) tickle tickle
(giggles then annoyed) stop it#(tickling) tickle tickle too
(laughs hard then mad) cut it out#tickleticklewhowantsapickle
(aside) homie maybe you should stop we have talked about the gray zone#marge he is laughing that means he is happy has the joker taught you nothing ?
marge he is laughing that means he is happy has the joker taught you nothing ?#(tickling noises)
dad how could you do that ? the whole audience saw me pee my pants#(genuine) son i am really really sorry
(genuine) son i am really really sorry#(sincere) oh i do not know if i can (doing wave excited) whoo ever make it up to you i (wave returns excited) whoo but i sincerely (wave returns excited) whoo
homer just because everyone else is doing the wave does not mean you have to#no one else is doing it i am trying to start it (doing wave excited) whoo
no one else is doing it i am trying to start it (doing wave excited) whoo#(doing wave excited) whoo
unfortunately the stain was picked up by russian spy satellites and president dmitry medvedev has taken the pantswetting as a sign of american weakness a russian flotilla has just entered new york harb (tv goes off)#(moans) bart's never gonna forgive me for humiliating him
and i would not blame him you destroyed our son's selfesteem#well it was your idea to give him selfesteem in the first place
i told you you should've stopped the tickling#now i have to work overtime
what ?#just to counteract the selfconfidence
you can not let this go without using it as a chance to improve your fathering#(overlyagreeable) well of course i would love to be a more sensitive father you know that
that is great then you will not mind me enrolling you in a fathering class#(smug) i'd like to see you thumb through an extension school catalogue and find one
(smug) i'd like to see you thumb through an extension school catalogue and find one#(small shriek)
there is one right here#please marge no the other negligent dads'll make fun of me they are so cliquey
you will be fine you always are#(pouty) i miss my friends from drunk driving school (quiet sobs) they were so cool
(prompting) uh homer it says here you have been a father for ten years what has that taught you ?#(sagely) well for one thing you are never really ready to be a father (recalling) but oh you know the other day bart the little dickens said i had an elephant butt so anyway i am strangling him and i said to bart
wait hold on a moment you were strangling your son ?#yeah strangling i mean it is not the only tool in my parenting toolbox but it is the sharpest (genial chuckle) right ? anyway i said "bart"
you are actually serious you physically lay your hands on your boy's neck ?#(nods shrugs) i guess it is just how i was raised
int homer's boyhood home  kitchen  day)#so are those butter cookies for everybody or
(appalled) um why do not we stop there for today and i will see you next week#who do you have next period ?
int counseling center  one week later)#hey doc (munches cookie mouth full) where is everybody ?
i told them not to come#why did not you tell me not to come ?
homer to emphasize the seriousness of this situation i am going to turn my chair around backwards#(massive shocked shriek)
but today he is here to assist me with you#(nervously) whawhawhat are you doing ?
homer it is time you understood what it feels like to be young small and terrified#no doc please i am just a little boy
you have a good heart kareem which is why you were the only laker i could trust with this task#(choking noises)
no it is fine#(choking noises)
foolhearty tattooed#dr zander you made me see my life through bart's neck and i swear i will never ever strangle my boy again
i believe we have made excellent progress here today and after another few years of twiceweekly sessions we can really#um i uh lied about having health insurance
int simpson house  kitchen  morning)#hello boy
homer#i want you to know i am cured
good for you no more drinkin' ?#(sweet chuckle) oh son i can not quit drinking any more than i could quit being a man
(sweet chuckle) oh son i can not quit drinking any more than i could quit being a man#(pleased noise) now it feels like morning what i am cured of is the blind rage that has soured our otherwise storybook relationship
(pleased noise) now it feels like morning what i am cured of is the blind rage that has soured our otherwise storybook relationship#(friendly) go ahead  just try to provoke me
(sighs) i just got up man#(friendly) oh come on bust your daddy's chops
(sighs) fine#(enraged) why you little ?
(enraged) why you little ?#i will teach you to
i am in your head man#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#why you (stifled noise) i am gonna (stifled noise) maybe this time (stifled noise then pained noise)
why you (stifled noise) i am gonna (stifled noise) maybe this time (stifled noise then pained noise)#(pained noises)
say (very slurred) cheeese#(muttering) can not hurt the boy can not hurt the boy
(muttering) can not hurt the boy can not hurt the boy#(shocked noise) what the ?
(shocked noise) what the ?#boy get down from there
okay first i will send down my shoes#all right
all right#(pained noises then enraged) why you little
(pained noises then enraged) why you little#oh c'mon now you are a tree ? (choking noises)
oh yeah ? look#(cowed) how many more sir ?
fill the board then wash my car#(cowed) these are my keys
(threatening) what was that ?#ii said (covering) my keyster is ready for a whooping sir (sighs slumps)
int homer and marge's bedroom  night)#(in sleep) no no i am just a kid leave me alone
(in sleep) no no i am just a kid leave me alone#(furious) it is "abc123" it is the easiest song in the world
homer homer#(abrupt wakeup noise) what ? (heavy breathing)
the school called and said bart is out of control i think we may need some therapy for him#oh that is ridiculous how could two people from the same family need therapy ?
(chuckles)#(terrified noises)
sorry little friend slither back to your natural element#(terrified noises)
now bart i want you to guide your father safely through these cacti#then what do we win ?
a better relationship#(anguished moan)
okay go straight#(small scream)
two to the left#(small scream)
sure do i am just bad at counting two to the right#(small scream)
backwards one#(small scream)
diagonal two#(small scream)
now dosedo#(big scream)
ext field  another area)#(nervously) i dunno there is something about this noose i just do not like
homer desperate times call for desperate measures if you hop down from that limb i assure you bart will cut you down#i do not know
(straining) this is a tough neck oh it is so strong like an old#y'see ? you see how that boy pushes your buttons ?
we will talk when he is dead (strangles bart) just break already#(choking noises)
(relieved noise then warmly) thanks dad#(warmly) son you and i are gonna be closer than ever as we spend the rest of our lives suing that therapist
sue me for what ? my home in a hollowedout tree ?#(contented sigh) pretty sweet eh boy ?
ext freestone family peach orchard  late afternoon  establishing)#not bad not bad marge how much do they pay us for doing this ?
actually we pay them for each peach we take home#(stunned) what the ? first we work then i pay then i have to eat fruit ? why was i ever born ?
c'mon people peaches#honey on a nonstone fruitrelated topic i booked us a couples massage
(blissedout noise)#(quickly) when we get home the peaches will be gone
(blissedout noises) oh screw it#(quiet chuckle then to himself) masseuses the halfdoctors halfhookers who solve everything
and george washington took a trip down theeary canal#(thrilled gasp) my ear makes money ?
(thrilled gasp) my ear makes money ?#hello boat store ? i'd like to order a boat (mad) what do you mean dial tone ?
kid scissors lame#let's see what else you have been hiding in there
let's see what else you have been hiding in there#i want my pot of gold
(being shaken noises) aye carumba#(stops shaking bart) i forgot why i am doing this
(annoyed grunt)#lisa do not feel bad judas betrayed jesus but he still got paid
lisa do not feel bad judas betrayed jesus but he still got paid#i can not stand to see one of my female children unhappy i am gonna go pound some sense into that ringlinking rabbityanker
ext victorian mansion  front yard  night  later)#hey let me down this is gonna leave a diamond pattern on my skin
a peanutbutterandpretzel sandwich ? (happy munching) there is no way a stupid flanders like me could ever have thought of this#(to raymondo) okay maybe secrets are a big deal but my daughter's a good kid so why do not you act your age forgive her and let me down
(to raymondo) okay maybe secrets are a big deal but my daughter's a good kid so why do not you act your age forgive her and let me down#(snoring noises)
i can not i never learned how#i will save you lisa
i will save you lisa#(defiant) the real magic is raising three kids in this economy (calmly) you can put the ball back now
ext springfield magic palace  night  establishing)#and here you go "do not give your coat to" dammit
ext springfield  dmv  continuous)#(groans) i was standing in this line to use the bathroom but now my license is expired
hey dad there is an arcade across the street (points to "noiseland" arcade) and there is really no point in all of us waiting in line#hmm
(moans) i was invited to that party#boy that is good
next#woo hoo first in line (edges into line with them) brought you a gift bag
back of the line stranger#(puzzled noise)
dad aunt selma's treating a mob boss like an ordinary taxpayer#(happily) and we have got front row seats
(very impressed noise)#(chuckles) well well well if it is not "before" and "after" (chuckles) blob and blob lite tweedle yuck and tweedle blecch (chuckles)
(clears throat) i hope i am not interrupting#(scared covering) fat tony i was just complimenting your beautiful girlfriend while insulting her hideous twin
i am sorry fat tony my husband does not realize what he is saying then five seconds later#(realizing) oh my god
(to homer) all will be forgiven (threatening) if you sketch a portrait of patty showing her inner beauty#(humble) you are cruel but fair
(humble) you are cruel but fair#(humming noises)
int simpson kitchen  later)#i am trying i swear i am trying
i am trying i swear i am trying#dammit
vi dichiaro marito e presunta moglie you may now kiss one another#(thrilled) yes i am so happy i lived to see this day (sotto to marge) he did give her the kiss of death right ?
no#(sad moan) i decorated her car for nothing
(sotto) he is on his best behavior which is very impressive considering he is mad about a sports result#(grumbling) lousy saint louis cardinals can not win the nineteen eightyfive world series on classic sports
i still can not believe it i have never been so snubbed at one of selma's weddings#(scared noise) fat tony are you gonna cut my head off and leave it in a manger scene at christmas ? and then an old italian nun finds it and she is all (imitates elderly nun) no no no oh no no he is too beautiful to die ohhhh
homer to restore the sisterical bond you and marge are invited to spend the weekend with us at our house down the shore#hm (huge excited gasp) so should i bring a towel ?
we have towels#(loud whisper) um i take a special size
ext springfield forest  day)#come on bart we have been out here for hours
come on bart we have been out here for hours#maybe we have found all the truffles the only thing i have dug up was these weirdlooking mushrooms
maybe we have found all the truffles the only thing i have dug up was these weirdlooking mushrooms#(walking up) i will dispose of those for you
(indignant) i do not think this is a good idea at all the only husband of selma's i liked was disco stu he was so upbeat till he found out she did not care for disco#yeah that is his thing anyway fat tony and i think this is a chance to patch things up between you and selma plus it is a free weekend at the beach
stevie b stevie f and vincent#(moans)
(concerned) these people are always grinding against each other and i think they are all related i wish we'd never come#selma ? vavavawha ?
boofrickin'ya losers chug#(coy) well if you insist
look at our men marge  they are having a great time#(cheekkissing noises)
(cheekkissing noises)#you are such a gentle kisser
(singing) tell me when will you be mine / tell me quando quando quando / hey#hey
(happy grunt) the boys needed to breathe#would not they be girls ?
oh my poor homie#you know  it had that painting of that lady and the monster on the ceiling
(stunned) goomar ? that is mob talk for "mistress" fat tony has a mistress#he is cheating on selma ? that is crazy why go out for a hamburger when you have got rancid steak at home ?
he is cheating on selma ? that is crazy why go out for a hamburger when you have got rancid steak at home ?#i will just sit here quietly
i will just sit here quietly#sorry
int beach house  homer & marge's room  later that night)#(distraught) how could tony cheat on me so soon ?
(distraught) how could tony cheat on me so soon ?#y'know selma from what i have seen here fat tony has a lot of bad influences on him i walked though a door last night and they were playing cards (loud whisper) for real money
well homer and i are going to take you away right now#aw can not we stay one more day ? the occurrence and i are going to the tanning salon and get oiled and broiled
(horrified) whoa you do not wanna be "that guy"#i do not wanna be "that guy" but marge is making me be "that guy"
that is a goomar ring this is a wife ring#(aghast) that is a wife ring ? (covering marge's eyes) marge do not look
(fighting noises)#(loud whisper) you were right marge these people are not for us
in a good marriage you never say i told you so#which is lucky for me because you are always right
bart i am afraid we need the help of someone older and wiser#(huge laughs) i get to enjoy this but i am not responsible
(huge laughs) i get to enjoy this but i am not responsible#actually dad as the supervising parent today you will get your share of the blame too
actually dad as the supervising parent today you will get your share of the blame too#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#(quick paranoid) what do i do ? patty's gonna kill me unless i kill her first i put the body in the car i dump the car in the lake i put a james taylor cd in the stereo so they think it is a suicide
why do not you just cut the paint out of her hair ?#(disappointed noise) fine whatever
(disappointed noise) fine whatever#i will just keep cutting till i hit something solid (happy trimming noises)
int simpson house  back yard  later)#and now to break the news as gently as i know how
and now to break the news as gently as i know how#wakeupandlookatyourhair
wakeupandlookatyourhair#(waking up noises)
(waking up noises)#(startled noise pointing at patty) what happened to you ?
(startled noise pointing at patty) what happened to you ?#(very upset noise) who undid my do ?
(examines it) actually it is kind of cute you look like posh spice#that is just what i was going for (sotto to kids) i was going for scary
that is just what i was going for (sotto to kids) i was going for scary#you did this ? with your fat fingers and your brain the size of a super ball ?
you did this ? with your fat fingers and your brain the size of a super ball ?#and stay out
i meant my hair#(incredibly relieved noise)
i hear this is the home of springfield's hottest hairdresser i need a haircut  and i need it in three two one now#lady i am not a hairdresser  i just put a new lid on a couple of trashcans
lady i am not a hairdresser  i just put a new lid on a couple of trashcans#(gasps) a hundred dollars ? marge how much is that in smackaroos ?
one hundred#woo hoo
are you sure you do not have a salon ?#(thinks) well i open a lot of crazy things when i am drunk but i do not think so
too bad#just call me "homer fingerhands"
i'd rather call you by your normal name if that is okay but i never knew you were so good with hair#marge when someone loses their hair they miss it the most it is like a beloved dog that died on your head
you better be#(wiping away tear) now that my soft chestnut mane is gone i dream of cutting hair styling hair making hair shorter in exchange for money maybe i should open a hair salon
well newsweek magazine did say it is good to change careers right after they laid off all their editors#yeah (worried) but what if i can not find any commercial rental property ?
all day long apu goes on about lady gaga who is doing nothing that rava khatan was not doing twenty years ago while she was a member of parliament#(coy) oh now how could someone as young as you know about twenty years ago ?
the mailman did the other side of the street before our side turns out it was a substitute#(slumps exhausted noise) i am sorry honey all day long i have to listen to women talk
(slumps exhausted noise) i am sorry honey all day long i have to listen to women talk#(firmly) not a good time
i know kirk resents that the dog likes me more but rex is just establishing dominance over the weaker male that is what miniature dachshunds do#(closedmouthed agreeing noises "mmhm" and the like while luann is talking then exhausted) oh yeah men are such dogs and vice versa
"mmhm" and the like while luann is talking then exhausted) oh yeah men are such dogs and vice versa#is there anyone in here that just wants a haircut with no chitchat ?
hey i do not want a conversation#(hopeful) oh ?
i just want you to listen while i talk about the loser i am married to#(anguished noise)
ext salon  continuous)#(calmly) these are really good scissors
int moe's tavern  a little later)#all day long they tell me stupid pointless boring stories and i have to stand there listening with a phony grin plastered on my face
well homer you are safe here you can forget everything they said#(startled noise)
(startled noise)#when i look at you  all i see are the foibles that drive your women crazy foibles foibles foibles
calm down there homer#(shrieks)
homer can you make me look ( la "clancy") fancy ?#sorry sarah i am retired
but tonight's the policemen's ball and if you let my sarah down i can make life very difficult for you#(defiant) i'd like to see you try
huh where you goin' ?#excuse me
uhuhuh#come on would you
nuhuh#(frustrated noise)
i uh i can also make very annoying noises (makes annoying noises)#(upset) c'mon bro do not hassle me
(more annoying noises)#(sobbing) stop that okay okay you win (falls to knees) i will teach you how to make love to your wife
what ? no just cut her hair#right
homer ? i thought you were gonna quit#i can not (gestures to women) they will not let me lenny be a pal and saw off my hands
why do not you do here what you do at the nuclear plant  namely suck#suck of course
so i told timothy you cannot keep basing sermons on old seinfelds#oh my god like mozart and johnny knoxville my genius cannot be stopped (sobs)
oh my god like mozart and johnny knoxville my genius cannot be stopped (sobs)#there is only one way out  i am committing barbicide
there is only one way out  i am committing barbicide#(moans) why does not anything kill me ?
once you get past the sister ick they are fine#(loud moan)
(loud moan)#(crazed) marge do you hear it ? listen it is the hair  growing always growing (choking) blonde brunette (spitting it out) auburn
(tipsy) stop talkin' crazy talk#i am afraid it is all too true my wife has betrayed me with another hairdresser
i am afraid it is all too true my wife has betrayed me with another hairdresser#another hairdresser ?
it worked perfectly as if anyone but you can make me feel this beautiful#aw sweetie thanks for saving me from the horrible life warren beatty lived in "shampoo" and now it is time to pay you back
(pleased "oohs" and "ahhs") homie you are making my toes curl you sure know how to please a woman#(chuckles) as long as it does not involve losing weight or changing my pants
int bakery  day)#i love your low prices but why did these weddings get cancelled ?
returned because of a fight over the prenup#(sympathetic) awww
(indicates another cake) that one there ? bride's dad made a racist toast#("tuttut" noises)
("tuttut" noises)#and these keys are from all my jobs
(indicates with thumb) she wanted a cake with blue rosettes he slept with her sister#cake will you do me the honor of making my stomach the happiest bag of acid in the world ? (excited) you will ?
int homer's car  continuous)#(grim turning wheel) time for a shortcut
(grim turning wheel) time for a shortcut#woo hoo
dad our lives#fine
ext narrow mountain road  day)#uhoh they have got the rightofway
uhoh they have got the rightofway#morning
(huge relieved sigh)#(cutesy) who is alone in the vehicle ?
with the keys#(aggravated moan)
(exiting house) what is wrong ?#uh first the good news two of your kids are not locked in the car
that is the key to my box with the real skull#maggie
maggie#(sucking frosting off maggie's head while it is in his mouth noise)
so how come we have all these other keys ?#well if you live long enough you start to accumulate things (grabs key with wood block) this is from a gas station men's room they put the block of wood on it so you do not walk away with it these are from a key party we went to before we realized what a key party was
homer stop him#stop who marge ? be specific
keys to the duff brewery ? where'd you get those ?#well it might have been the time when
duffman does not need duff to have fun (beat) seriously you got any beer ?#no
ext sidewalk  day)#or maybe i just found them on the ground
int duff brewery  moments later)#oh my god there is the fire brewer the beechwood ager the rat filter
oh my god there is the fire brewer the beechwood ager the rat filter#the duff blimp (rapturous) oh how i'd love to drive that thing
the duff blimp (rapturous) oh how i'd love to drive that thing#(amazed) really duff blimp ? you really want me to ?
(amazed) really duff blimp ? you really want me to ?#oh what the hell ? life is made to be lived i have been buttoned down too long
(chuckles) hey homer i really had you going there huh ? (looks around) homer ?#(in distance) when we see each other again you will be an old man and i will be a baby
ext sky over springfield  day)#hm is it drinking and driving if you are flying a blimp ? maybe i can find the answer by texting
hm is it drinking and driving if you are flying a blimp ? maybe i can find the answer by texting#yo lenny (mumbling what he texts) do you know anything about flying the blimp while drinking
yo lenny (mumbling what he texts) do you know anything about flying the blimp while drinking#what was that ?
ext streets of springfield  day)#(faint doppler screams)
before somebody gets hurt#so long suckers
but it is summertime  the ice bridge will be a water nothing#hey kids
hey kids#if i tossed you guys a bucket full of something could you pour it out and toss the bucket back up ? (beat) do not drink it
dad stop#(worried) but there is so many buttons
int blimp  continuous)#bart take the controls
what videogame is this like ?#blimp assassin three
for wii or xbox ?#xbox
original or threesixty ?#fly the blimp you spoiled kid
int blimp  continuous)#i will save you honey
i will save you honey#boy stomp on my head
yes and i have got gum on my shoe#(doppler) you are a real jerrrk
(doppler) you are a real jerrrk#(mad) why you undead little
that is not a real arm  it is plastic#that does not mean you are any better than him young lady he could be a war hero
(dying poot)#(sobs) all pooted out (continues sobbing)
oh i am sorry homie#(sobs) it is worse than you think i have to buy you a new anniversary present
yes except for one small glitch we could only afford to rent the mannequins#(shocked gasp)
and they did not prorate#(bigger gasp)
whee#(calling) little help
(sad) in all my years of teaching i have never raised a hand to a student#but you learned you grew
uh seymour who is running this meeting ?#(loud whisper) i thought i was
you have been in there for three hours what are you doing taking a bath ?#awww
oh come on ned we have both been married before those two boys of yours weren't delivered by stork#little help little help flanders little help ?
homer could you stop throwin' balls over my fence ?#oh absolutely ned sorry
oh absolutely ned sorry#(stifling laughter) little help
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#(genial) do not worry sweetie daddy will put jack back in the box
(genial) do not worry sweetie daddy will put jack back in the box#okay time to go back in the nightnight (increasingly frustrated) this is harder than it looks do not you humiliate me in front of my kid i thought we had a deal man
okay time to go back in the nightnight (increasingly frustrated) this is harder than it looks do not you humiliate me in front of my kid i thought we had a deal man#well if it is not the local school marm and his new girlfriend (chuckles loud whisper) that is a burn on you flanders
it is not funny at all homer i'd appreciate it if you weren't so rude to ned#whoa flanders this chick does not get our thing
(awkward) actually she sort of does#(puzzled noise)
(chiding) language#yeah language
sorry ned but i can not watch this guy push you around anymore#(sputtering noises)
(sputtering noises)#marge tell her how i do not push ned around
actually sometimes you do push ned around#(shocked noise) (frustrated noises)
do not do that homie it rubs off your side hair#(shrieks) hey ned can i borrow some hair ?
see dad ? having krabappel next door is nothing but trouble teachers should not be allowed to live near their students we are natural enemies like george washington and abraham lincoln#do not panic son we can bust up teachy and preachy here's what we do i will take flanders out and remind him of the joys of the single life you scare rod and todd by telling them krabappel will become their evil stepmother
if fairy tales have taught us one thing it is that first wives are perfect second wives are horrible#just the opposite of real life
ext moe's  day  establishing)#yeah is not this place great ? if you are single you can come here every night
oh my#ned let's cut to the chase
yeah let me guess you are probably gonna do something boneheaded like try to talk me outta seein' edna#ned if it is boneheaded to talk you outta seein' edna then i do not wanna be brainheaded
someone to hold the other end of the sheet when i fold it up (wistful) someone to put in my prayers#(choked up) oh ned i never dreamed that beneath those iddilies and diddilies there was a dude
that is right and like any man i put on my secret christian underpants one leg at a time#(sobs) oh you beautiful beautiful wuss
int moe's bar  continuous)#(moved) ned i have a confession to make i may not have come here solely with the noble intention of getting drunk but now from the bottom of my heart i wish you and edna the best
i may not have come here solely with the noble intention of getting drunk but now from the bottom of my heart i wish you and edna the best#fellow barflies to ned flanders and edna krabappel
(holding twothirdsempty beer mug) we made sweet music in the band room poetry during english class and you do not wanna know what we did in the multipurpose room#(to skinner and barflies) shut up
my email address is ednaloveroneseventytwo it was the lowest number i could get#(sotto) guys quit telling the truth
wait you have all (gulps) plucked a peach from her tree ?#um uh (attempting to change subject) so uh joey is wikipedia accurate when it says "walk this way" was inspired by "young frankenstein ?"
well homer you really put one over on old stupid flanders here (sadly) thanks a lot neighbor#do not you mean "neighboreeno ?"
no just plain neighbor#you stupid jerks i can not believe you could be so cruel especially you joey kramer
i hope you are proud of yourself homer#i have got some bad news for you marge i am actually not
well there is ned out on his power walk maybe you should talk to him#wha ? my doctor said "do not walk"
ext evergreen terrace  moments later)#(breathing heavily) flanders hold up
(breathing heavily) flanders hold up#i know i know you are not comfortable with all the guys edna's seen around town
(driving past in a jalopy) and country#ned i have learned that the only way a relationship survives is by forgiving endless endless forgiving
ned i have learned that the only way a relationship survives is by forgiving endless endless forgiving#and did not the easter bunny himself say "forgive them father for finding all my eggs ?" and if a giant rabbit can lay chocolate eggs maybe you and edna can find a way to make it work
(outside window) i still wear your bra#(sneaky chuckle)
we will announce the results in next year's season premiere probably at the end so you will watch the whole thing#there is a whole host of voting options  friends with benefits frenemies with frenefits super friends with wonder pets all designed to distract you while we take your personal information and use it to apply for credit cards in your name
homer stop teasing#right teasing
right teasing#i am waitin' for ya
i am waitin' for ya#also if you wanna find the real shooter of mr burns go back and look for more clues they are all there
homie it was maggie#yeah right a baby shot a guy
savaging mr popper's penguins online anyway the answer to ned and edna is carefully hidden in tonight's episode like a breadcrumb lodged inside my stomach crease enjoy#(singing) quiet steps are what i take / sneaking in at noon
(singing) quiet steps are what i take / sneaking in at noon#just in time for my lunch break / got my fork and spoon
int plant  continuous)#time the cameras just right
time the cameras just right#duck in the bathroom
hi homer#i am still drunk from last night / got driven home i do not know by whom
i am still drunk from last night / got driven home i do not know by whom#some may say / i do not deserve any pay but hey / i came up with "sixties day"
some may say / i do not deserve any pay but hey / i came up with "sixties day"#last may
last may#(sneaky chuckle) while i am here i might as well prepunch out
(sneaky chuckle) while i am here i might as well prepunch out#(considering) hm we have had a lot of bills lately better put in some overtime
(considering) hm we have had a lot of bills lately better put in some overtime#larry my man
larry my man#(realizing) hey you are not larry how come you are not larry ?
(polite brusque) i would not know sir#uh listen if you could indulge me larry and i fistbump every morning like that
uh listen if you could indulge me larry and i fistbump every morning like that#the warmth of human contact with a manly whiff of violence
the warmth of human contact with a manly whiff of violence#(enticing noise)
not interested#wha ?
wha ?#sheez
"he is"#maybe i was a little hard on him expecting him to be larry right away by the way where is larry ?
violent ward#(oblivious) good ol' larry
(oblivious) good ol' larry#say (reads badge) wayne i could not help but notice that your breath does not smell like alcohol you want to go grab a beer after work ?
i prefer not to have social interaction with coworkers it um has not worked out for me in the past#(to self) well maybe he just does not like fistbumping
hey wayne#(vowing) as god as my witness this fist will be bumped
did you have a hard day too ?#no a guy at work seems not to like me i guess it is not much when you look at real problems in the world like major league umpires not using instant replay
(comforting) it is big to you would you like a "get well" pork chop ?#i love you so much potatoes and gravy on the side please
ext nuclear plant  late afternoon  wide or aerial shot)#charlie wanna grab a beer ?
no i was tipsy last night when a telephone survey called so i told them to call back tonight for more accurate answers#(disappointed) oh okay
int homer's car  continuous)#(excited gasp) wayne
(excited gasp) wayne#want a ride ?
(aggravated noise then) all right homer you win#(excited) you know i just got a little chill when you said my name
(muttering) every town i go to i run into some guy just like this#look i am not weird or anything i just like to feel like i am friends with everybody
(sigh) homer you are a nice guy i will have one beer with you after that we will have a courteous professional relationship  and that is it no secret santa we are not trading lunches#(brief pained noise)
and i do not want you calling me at home and saying "turn on channel six"#but what if the weathergirl
excuse me i need to use the#(cutting in) men's room ? oh my god we are completing each other's
(touched noise)#(prompting) completing each other's sen ten (really drawing it out) cesss
thanks for the upgrade haha#(amazed) wayne ?
(furious to jailbird) that is comin' out of your stealings#wayne maybe it is the me being still alive talking but i think you are awesome
(anguished) sorry i have to go#oh c'mon stay for dessert
hey simpson you wanna hear about the big change in my life ?#(does not care) sure why not
(does not care) sure why not#it is best to concentrate on what you do have
(hopeful) mother is that you ?#wayne stop that is mr burns
int plant  locker room  later)#why do not you come stay with us till you can get back on your feet ?
(touched) really ? are you sure ?#(kindly) of course i mean how long could it be ?
i have recurring flashbacks to a nightmarish past#that is funny because i have recurring flashforwards to a nightmarish future
(chanting) unfair unfair#(shakes fist) that robot took our jobs
(shakes fist) that robot took our jobs#(scared) he said it
(scared) he said it#or maybe it was him
or maybe it was him#(impressed) man this robot really gets me
my nightmares are real#your voice is so gravelly just like lauren bacall's
i needed somewhere to lie low and your town appears on no maps or charts#neh they could not find a google map photo without me naked or urinating
and when there was a mapmaker's convention here they all got lou gehrig's disease#(to wayne) not the one you are thinking of there is another one
int simpson house  day  a little later)#(whistle then sings) washin' out the dog poo / sure beats pickin' it up / flanders' driveway is my goal
i am looking for a man named wayne#oh he is gone i do not know where he went
are you friend of his ?#(grim) he has no friends
(grim) he has no friends#except me
(acting impressed) i see you are tight like borscht and beets tell me if we kidnapped a friend of wayne's would he attempt to rescue that friend ?#well i suppose if the friend was being horribly tortured
well i suppose if the friend was being horribly tortured#(scared noise) hey wha ? wha ? wha ?
(scared noise) hey wha ? wha ? wha ?#no not the middle seat
a local man has been kidnapped by ukrainian gangsters we have received the following video#death to america
stick to script#fine (reading stilted) i am being held somewhere in the springfield area turn the card
hold up today's newspaper#what will you guys use when there are not newspapers anymore ?
perhaps we will be living in a world where there'll be no need to kidnap#(sarcastic) oh well way to make me feel obsolete
(sarcastic) oh well way to make me feel obsolete#(holds up paper like jay leno chuckling) oh look here's a coupon for scissors that you have to cut out (sarcastic) think geniuses
shut up#hey hey what are you doing ?
hey hey what are you doing ?#(pained noises) this is no way to treat the talent
(screams then) i won a silver medal in nagano#(shivering) cold so cold
(looking at wayne) so wayne once again you crash my party#so cold warm me up
stop it#just let me put my hands under your armpits
(quick dying noise)#so much violence on the surface world i am going back
so much violence on the surface world i am going back#(under water) cold so cold
you ever eat on a train marge ? what they call a steak is barely a hamburger now homer there is one more thing before i go#(choked up) aww that is what i call closure
ext springfield elementary  early evening)#(impressed) they always come up with such catchy ways to make us pay for things we do not need for kids we did not want
buy a springfield elementary tshirt ?#i do not want people to know my kids go to this lousy school
you do not have to yell#(calls out) do not buy it i bought one last year and it was crap construction
(pressing on) do i hear fifty dollars ?#paddles down it is the only way to change the system
mr simpson i know you are not one of our wealthier parents but surely you will honor your son's enormous debt#why of course even if i do not have a legal obligation to pay it is clearly the right thing to do
why of course even if i do not have a legal obligation to pay it is clearly the right thing to do#here's one thousand dollars two thousand dollars three thousand dollars (pretending) ooh i need more cash better go to my invisible atm
so#(singing to self then furious) what ? two dollar charge for nonnetwork bank ? (aggravated noise)
hear hear hear hear#bart i wanna ask you about something i read in a magazine (sternly) are you boys cyberbullying each other ?
how could we be ? we are all in the same place and we do not have computers#(calling out) marge i parented
that is great homie come have some ice cream on a brownie#(to boys) later losers
i am thinking of something big so big it involves (dramatic) taking over the entire school and not giving it up till chalmers gets his job back#(a little exasperated) bart your mother thinks there is something suspicious about all you boys having a meeting in this treehouse
(confessing) well dad since you are taking an interest in us maybe i should tell you#(looks down moans) marge my ice cream's melting and i have not finished my brownie
(a little exasperated) come in and get some more#you guys need to get a woman
he had a teacher who finally got through to him and they fired him#(mad) are you covering me up ?
(admitting) yes i am afraid we are#(lecturing) the least i can get out of this whole nightmare is some face time on the local news (explaining) it is kind of my way of sending a christmas card (waves at camera) happy holidays everyone family's fine
dude you would better see this#(strained) i am fine
(gasps) he opened his eyes mommm#okay i am on the floor i can not move so far a normal sunday morning
(irritated murmur)#this is so horrible  i can not speak
this is so horrible  i can not speak#(anguished noise) how did this happen ? last thing i remember i was decorating the house for halloween
(anguished noise) how did this happen ? last thing i remember i was decorating the house for halloween#ah halloween the one time of year when the squalor of our home works to our advantage
ah halloween the one time of year when the squalor of our home works to our advantage#(chuckles)
(chuckles)#where is that spider ?
int box  continuous)#squeeze squeeze (chuckles) squeeze squeeze a real spider would get so mad if i did this i wonder if this thing has batteries
squeeze squeeze (chuckles) squeeze squeeze a real spider would get so mad if i did this i wonder if this thing has batteries#(terrified screams) it is alive ?
(terrified screams) it is alive ?#ow
ow#ow (seizingup noise)
int simpson house  living room  day)#well at least i still look good
just because you have had a little setback does not mean you can not look your best#oh marge this is the purest love there is patient supportive ooh cleavage (turnedon noise)
dad i am going to entertain you with the help of "the brothers karamazov" (reads) "alexey fyodorovitch karamazov was the third son of fyodor pavlovitch karamazov a landowner well known in our district in his own day and still remembered among us owing to his gloomy and tragic death which happened thirteen years ago and which i shall describe in its proper place"#(very anguished) oh my god she is still on the first sentence (straining) must make her stop how to express my
(very anguished) oh my god she is still on the first sentence (straining) must make her stop how to express my#(fart noise)
(reads) "for the present i will only say that this 'landowner'  for so"#(long drowningout fart)
(embarrassed) ew dad (realizing gasp) wait a minute can you pass gas at will ? fart once for no twice for yes#(two quick farts)
(incredibly moved) oh my god do you realize what this means ?#(single confused fart)
(explaining) well it means that you can communicate#(long "now i get it" fart)
i will recite the alphabet and you tell me when to stop (quickly) abcd#(farts)
(quickly) abcde#(farts)
a#(farts)
(writing) "d e a"#(two quick farts)
(incredibly moved) oh homie#(squeaky beginning of fart)
shhh do not say a word#i guess my life is not so bad with the help of my loving family i even published my first bookand i have finally reached a state of serenity and (scared noise) another spider
i guess my life is not so bad with the help of my loving family i even published my first bookand i have finally reached a state of serenity and (scared noise) another spider#(terrified tickled giggling)
(terrified tickled giggling)#(pained noise) oh man what is this bite gonna do ? (beat then gasp) my wrists are tingling (amazed) i feel new powers surging within me
(sexy) wanna go home and celebrate ?#(two enthusiastic farts)
int simpson house  master bedroom  continuous)#i want you to find out what is making that funny noise in homer simpson's car it is uhhh you know it is like a chiggachiggachiggachigga but you only hear it when you are driving over thirty and you never hear it when you take it to the shop
homer have you noticed how many of your enemies have died lately ? mr burns sideshow bob#you forgot patty and selma oh wait that has not happened yet
patty and selma ? who is next ned flanders ?#(scornful) now how would that work ?
well are we in nebraska ?#okay stupid flanders first i want you to kill that guy at the ice cream parlor who gave homer simpson a cone that had a little air in it
(a little weary) really ?#come on god does crazy things check your old testament
(entering) hey dad#hey bart (into microphone) i mean jesus (covers mic) hey son you want flanders to kill anybody ? he is totally in my power
well there is a tall boy in front of me in class so i can not see the board#and i sayeth unto you slay every tall boy in town
homer simpson#(short shriek)
you made a killer out of me#(sneering) yeah and what are you gonna do about it ?
because of you i am going to hell#language
(scoffing noise) wake up flanders there is no hell and there is no god if there were would he let me do this ?#why you little / (choking sounds)
int homer's workstation  continuous)#(reading) "in the event of a primary core breach you have fifteen seconds to avoid a complete (big yawn)
(reading) "in the event of a primary core breach you have fifteen seconds to avoid a complete (big yawn)#(snores interrupted)
(friendly booming) howdy#(startled awake scream)
(startled awake scream)#a woman of stature
(extends hand) roz davis your new assistant#assistant ? (strokes chin) well i have been pretty overworked lately
assistant ? (strokes chin) well i have been pretty overworked lately#but i guess i should find out a little bit about you
i am just a gal from ohio who never wants to call her daddy again and say "i need to borrow money"#so your dad has money to lend ?
ext springfield nuclear plant  day  establishing)#this is where we get our coffee just leave a little at the bottom so someone else has to make the next pot the burning smell will let them know
genius#(sotto) uhoh it is old man burns
(sotto) uhoh it is old man burns#(coy) hello young man burns
(girlishly flattered) oh simpson you do know how to whip my buggy#(chuckles then loud whisper) that sucker soaks up flattery like a twinkie soaks up gravy
well when it is a handsome guy like you talkin'#(giggles coquettishly) oh well
your giggle is like strawberry wine#(heavy snorts while laughing)
and your snort's like a summer breeze#(laughs turning into heavy phlegm coughing/snotty snorting as homer tries to catch his breath)
what made you think of that ?#(obedient) thy will be done lord vader (afraid) please do not hurt me please
hmmm must make sure these wires are not crossed#awww
awww#marge get my seal club the big one
(reacting to above action noises)#life imitates flart
and best of all i got funding for my homer humiliator#(strokes chin) hm
(strokes chin) hm#(distraught) why would a homer humiliator do this to me ?
int homer and roz's workstations  continuous)#y'ello hey barney a free movie screening ? (excited) of course i can go i just need somebody to hold down the fort
y'ello hey barney a free movie screening ? (excited) of course i can go i just need somebody to hold down the fort#oh uh roz i have to step out for one hour and fortythree minutes could you cover for me ?
go ahead#woo hoo oh uh if an emergency alarm goes off there is earplugs in the top drawer
ext movie theatre  day  establishing)#i thought of it first (sips soda)
int simpsons living room  continuous)#marge i just saw the greatest movie guess what happens when a mop is replaced with an octopus i will give you a clue it is funny
take off the 3d glasses#(shrieks)
simpson a gangly little bird told me you have been lollygagging at the biograph#(stamering) someone snitched ? whawhawhawhawhat are you gonna do to me ?
you are demoted#up or down ?
down#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#do not tell my wife
int moe's bar  night)#i am telling you guys roz told old man burns i ditched work early and now i am her assistant
enjoy and as for you homer do not worry you are at moe's tavern  ladyfree since eightythree#what the (standing) this is a gentleman's club
ext simpson house  establishing)#(moans) this is terrible what am i gonna do ?
are not you gonna come to bed homie ?#can not marge i am fighting for my professional life here
can not marge i am fighting for my professional life here#do you know what i just learned ? (amazed) my job is the reason i get those checks every week and now that i am demoted the checks have gotten smaller not in physical size but
int roz's workstation  continuous)#am i early ?
you are late#since i got demoted i have to show my id but the picture was taken so long ago i put on a lot of weight so i have to stretch out my face (pulls back face and says with pulledback face) and say "i used to look like this"
late#you are mean
now i want a list of a hundred ways to make your job worse by close of business today#can one of the hundred be making the list ?
no#can some of them be callbacks to earlier ones ?
ext simpson driveway  night)#(paranoid muttering) do this do that lousy roz thinks she is so big
"the niceness of the evening"#(glum) hey
homer all nonsense aside are you okalidokalaroony ?#(sighs) i am having problems with my new boss roz she is the most evil person to come out of ohio since lebron but at least he thought long and hard before screwing everybody over in public for no reason
(thinks) y'know i knew a backstabbin' buckeye named roz at bible camp twice as tall as she should've been#(gasps) is this her ?
(gasps) is this her ?#(whiney) c'mon the apple must be wreaking havoc with the twinkie
(gasps) it is but if you have got the stones i can tell you how to slay that galioth#are you aware that "stones" means "man junk ?"
and i have not not until now#that is it that is it my nightmare is over oh flanders you are my personal savior
oh that is nice but i do not approve of#hail flanders mightier than jesus
what the deuce ? sarcastic clapping ?#(knows he has ace in the hole) congratulations roz
what are you doing here simpson ? if there is not drycleaning in the back of my car there is gonna be blood on my knuckles#uh i just came to say that you are perfect so perfect i think mr burns should give you a hug
(hisses) who told you ?#i will not say but his initials are sf
(bitter) stupid flanders#hug hug hug
i underestimated you#(genuinely confused) i do not know what that middle word means
well it means my perception of you is that you were kind of a goof but now i see you are rather clever#what is perception ?
it is how i view you you understand that ?#no
i used to think you were an idiot now it turns out you are not such an idiot in fact you might even be smart#little help ?
rub the butter around you#(loud eating noise then) need more butter and not the unsalted
(excited cheers)#(announcer) this saturday from the dad who brought you "cemetery paintball" and "gokarts on real roads" comes the greatest activity yet
video game convention#(proud) and check these out
vip passes#is there any better feeling than cutting in line because a plastic badge says you are special ? (moans)
int e4  continuous)#wow video games sure have changed since i was a kid how many points does it take to get an extra life these days son ? thirty thousand ? (chuckling) certainly not fifty
games do not have lives or points anymore dad#(grim) i will not shed a tear when the oceans rise and wash this world away
this is the funnest game ever#man how many quarters does this game take ?
dad funtendo is unveiling their new system in three minutes  in hall g#(tough guy) and we are in hall d three halls three minutes
(tough guy) and we are in hall d three halls three minutes#(tough guy) no problem
(quick uncomfortable giggle) she means the most authentic#out of my way / move it / geeks must yield to normals
out of my way / move it / geeks must yield to normals#(heavy wounded breathing)
(heavy wounded breathing)#(swallowing / healing noises)
room's full#woohoo
fun dad rocks#i need a nap
the kids sure had a good time with you#yeah i was on today scary on
how come they never call me "fun mom ?"#look honey a family's like a team and on every team you have (re self) the slamdunking megastar and (re marge) the referee
it is not fair moms want to be fun but we are stuck with all the mom stuff#(taking this in) okay okay how about this next week you take the kids on a saturday surprise dad day
(inspired) what if we roll pennies and go to the dollar store#that is good marge  get all the terrible ideas out of your system
(worried murmur)#here's what i do (confidential) pick the thing that marge would hate the most
goorsha goorsha goorsha goorsha goorsha#marge the kids are acting ethnic
relax homie have some leftover galalalalalalalalah#oh no i do not eat anything new unless i have eaten it before
aw come on dad be a foodie you are already a fatty and a drunkie#i do not want to think about food i want to like it why drive across town to "savor" a bowl of mystery mush when there is four different krustyburgers we can see from our house ?
i do not want to think about food i want to like it why drive across town to "savor" a bowl of mystery mush when there is four different krustyburgers we can see from our house ?#oh and here's my favorite restaurant "la fridge" it is open twentyfour hours a day and there is no dress code
i feel bad for all those places that did not make the cut#all right food nerds reality check
all right food nerds reality check#all the food in those pictures is poop by now minds blown you are welcome
all the food in those pictures is poop by now minds blown you are welcome#i will remind you kids what real fun is
it only passed the safety panel by a three to two vote and that third vote did not come cheap (laughs)#and i have got tickets for the grand opening saturday night
(drooling noises)#(stunned) pine needle sorbet (losing it) pine needle sorbet my kids do not eat sorbet they eat sherbet and they pronounce it "sherbert" and they wish it was ice cream
sorry dad  this is our thing now#fine blow off "fun dad" go eat your walrus mustaches and deepfried pixie wangs
do not be so jealous homie just because the kids are finally having fun doing something with me#(shocked noise) jealous ? me ? (desperate haughtiness) that is to laugh the very idea if anything (crazy laugh) you are the one who is jealous
of what ?#(heaving sobs) of how much fun i am to be around (small sob) it is always a party with (massive sob) fun dad
(heaving sobs) of how much fun i am to be around (small sob) it is always a party with (massive sob) fun dad#(sobs) too sad to walk too sad and fun to walk
what are you doing ?#(sulky) when i am sad i make baseball bats
homie i do not want you to feel excluded would you like to come with us to dinner at el chemistri ?#(touched) really ? you would let me in on your thing ? even though i think it is stupid ?
of course#(delighted) hand me that saw marge
why ?#when i am happy i make birdhouses
when i am happy i make birdhouses#kids guess what ? mom invited me to your fancy dinner
kids guess what ? mom invited me to your fancy dinner#i guess fun dad is a foodie now
i guess fun dad is a foodie now#(chanting) food dad food dad food dad
(impressed) ooo triple spicy barbequed stingray stuffed with pig organs#fun dad is a foodie now
fun dad is a foodie now#(triumphant swallowing noise then) this is my thing and always will be
(worried noise)#(sleep talking) fun me fun me fun me
int nuclear plant  homer's workstation  day)#you know i am pretty excited about this farout dinner maybe i will like it
(edgy) oh i doubt it you sit at communal tables full of hipsters#well actually i have come around on hipsters takes a lot of guts to all wear the same hat
and the food will all be weird foams  cooked with chemicals or served in a test tube it is too crazy for you#(oblivious) so it is weird  do not worry i will make it fun
1501 w (cuts herself off getting idea) east oak street#east oak street is that it ?
ext wrong address  1501 east oak street  evening)#here it is 1501 east oak (knowing) no name on the door  very trendy
(gruff) what do you want ?#is this the chemical kitchen place where you do the crazy cooking ?
quiet man#the experience begins
the experience begins#(getting yanked noise)
int wrong address  1501 east oak street  continuous)#just like marge said  chemicals and test tubes (to thug) the open kitchen is a nice touch
just like marge said  chemicals and test tubes (to thug) the open kitchen is a nice touch#i guess i will get started before my family gets here how much for a taste you know just to get me going ?
fifty bucks#ouch this place is fancy
int wrong address  meanwhile)#(chuckles) hipsters (rolls eyes) too cool for school
you do not look like the kind of guy who does this#well my wife thinks it is too crazy for me but i am gonna prove her wrong
well my wife thinks it is too crazy for me but i am gonna prove her wrong#(delighted chuckle) i am doing this for my family
(panicky) pick up the meth pick up the meth#(scared noise) this better be dinner theater
who am i kidding ? i am not enjoying this  even the foam tastes like nothing (sighs) i am calling homer#marge this is not a food restaurant it is a meth restaurant a methtaurant
marge this is not a food restaurant it is a meth restaurant a methtaurant#(scared shriek)
int burning meth lab  continuous)#sorry
i am sorry i guess i just wanted the kids to look at me the way they look at you#(sympathetic noise)
ext krustyland  day)#now that is my kind of foam
this is nice  a family fun day#here's fifty bucks for the next two hours i do not want to know you exist
here's fifty bucks for the next two hours i do not want to know you exist#(chuckles) family fun day
 the dinosaurs ruled the earth for millions of years  until a massive asteroid collided with the earth bringing their reign to an end#(calling from seats cocky singsong) extinct
(calling from seats cocky singsong) extinct#we are not here for you we are here for lenny
no matter what we do an asteroid's gonna wipe us out so we should party hard and wreck the place#yeah why should the asteroid have all the fun ?
(excited) gift shop#(frustrated groan then) all right you can each have one toy
he gets four and i only get two ? no fair#(losing it) all right that is it forget it no toys for anyone
(one sad suck)#(cracking) okay  maggie gets a toy
wait wait come back dad (pointing) follow that dinosaur#(inspired) i have waited my whole life to hear that
(inspired) i have waited my whole life to hear that#(caveman grunts)
stegosaurus backplates used for either defense or control of body temperature comin' through#so tired go on without me
so tired go on without me#(snoring noises)
(gasps) everything i believed about young adult literature is a lie#it is not against the law to sleep in a tyrannosaurus head
sir you are inside an allosaurus#i demand to speak to my paleontologist
can you believe publishers would lie to their readers just to make an easy million bucks ?#(intrigued) a million bucks ?
every book on the "young adult" charts is written by five idiots who just want to take advantage of kids#(gasps) i know five idiots
and they just cash their checks and get away with it every time it is the perfect crime  as long as you do not mind betraying the trust of vulnerable young minds#(rubbing chin) the perfect crime eh ?
(not turning) whatever the job is i am not interested#a million bucks has changed stupider minds than yours
i like the beat  play me the tune#we are taking down kids who read
chapterbook crowd ? that is a juicy peach but what is the cream ?#i am putting together a tweenlit gangwrite
tweenlit gangwrite ?#tweenlit gangwrite but this babar needs a zephyr
a zephyr ?#you are the zephyr
this better not turn out like kansas city#it will not be like kansas city
i am in#(charming) come on beautiful i can not do the job without you so what do you say ?
(desperate) wait wait wait wait i want in what does your crew need ? a safecracker ? a wheel man ?#the caper is writing a kids' fantasy novel
ext house  day)#do you have a computer ?
(clearing throat) uh yes#you are in
i keep going over the job from every angle but i can not shake the feeling that we are missing something#relax with the team we put together our book'll fly off the shelves and we will be sipping mai tais on a beach in shelbyville
i will show you (thinks) i will write a book myself a personal story my readers will connect with#wait you are gonna be all the guys ? how would that work ?
and the protagonist always discovers that he is supernatural#(putting it together) okay our book will be about an orphan who goes to a magical school where he discovers he is a vampire
perhaps someone of my experience would be a valuable addition to your "crew"#the king of fantasy books on our fantasy bookwriting team ?
(exaggerated american accent) cheeseburgers french fries  i am all over that pal#but why ?
it is good "weekly reader star selection" good#i just hope we put in enough steampunk whatever that is
who wants to see my cover (frinky) mockup ?#(reading title) "the troll twins of underbridge academy"
hope you do not mind us printing our book in your room lis#yeah only your professionalstrength output tray can handle the weight of our manuscript
finished manuscript#woohoo
(flipping through manuscript) this is a really good book#(cocky) we know we wrote it
int convention center  hallway  later)#(freaking out) stupid stupid stupid we forgot to create a fake author
a dog wrote a bestseller ? aargh all i have done is procrastinate (sadly) who am i kidding ? there will never be a book with my name on it#or your name could be on a book in ten minutes
(small) do i have to do any writing ?#no
int moe's  day)#gentlemen to "the troll twins of underbridge academy"
(cheers)#so does this square us for kansas city ?
the trolls are now vampires the brooklyn bridge is now a castle and fuzzlepitch is now bloodball oh weak weak and lame#how could the publishers change our book ? if they had been in charge of the sistine chapel the whole thing would be vampires  instead of the pope's private naked dude mural
but teenagers weren't going to spend their allowances to join team schmul#but the trolls were the best part do the characters still say "trolly" instead of "cool ?"
no#oh that is so untrolly
what you are feeling is called "pride of authorship" you thought you only cared about money but you actually care more about what you have created together#british fonzie is right our story is actually more important than money
ext literary towers  night)#somewhere in that building is a computer with their sucky version of our masterpiece
(shaking head) kansas city#(shaking head) kansas city
so you thought you would unruin your book if it is any consolation you never had a chance#woohoo all right
ext springfield  dawn)#well we may have lost but we gave the bad guy a laugh  that is something
no need to thank me boys#hey you would not say that unless there was a need to thank you
i secretly switched the flash drives#(impressed) you switched the drives ?
ext simpson house  a week later  establishing)#(puzzled) so why are you here ? (worried) is it about that unauthorized krusty lookalike i hired for lisa's first communion ? what was his name ?
ext simpsons house  evening  establishing)#this party is so much better than the crummy ones we plan (chuckles)
homer you are the nominal host do something#(panicky noises)
(panicky noises)#(incredibly friendly) mr burns so glad you are here finally the party can get started
(grumpy) your cotillion seems to be in full promenade#(chuckles) good one uh mr burns everyone is dying to hear you sing karaoke
(chuckles) good one uh mr burns everyone is dying to hear you sing karaoke#c'mon just pick a popular song
(wiseguy) i have sixteen million songs but uh no#(sotto) just play the oldest stupidest thing in your catalog
(singing) come josephine in my flying machine#going up she goes up she goes
indeed that homer simpson is the beating baboon heart of this party#(to cletus) so he says "bigamy is having one too many wives" (to hibbert) to which i replied "so's monogamy"
simpson you are probably wondering why you are here#it is never good i always wind up being chased by hounds or falling through a trap dooror being a peg in your game of human croquet
when i made you a hoop you split your pants now here at the plant there is no position more important than our accounts man who is responsible for gladhanding our customers and suppliers i'd like you to take over that position#(nervous) the last thing i understood in that was "pants"
yes simpson only you have the bonhomie and rotund charm to replace him (enticing) it means a hefty expense account and a corner office#(impressed) well in that case
before you say yes simpson i feel it is my duty to warn you (serious) account men lose their soul#woo hoo no more church
woo hoo no more church#so long sector 7ghello sector 22f
int springfield nuclear  highrise office building  day)#(turnedon noise)
the higher they rise the further they fall#you know you are kind of a downer
you know you are kind of a downer#i thought you were retiring why are you still here ?
hey you are a baby account man still on the bottle (shakes whiskey bottle) so for my last good deed before i retire i am gonna help you persuade mayor quimby to sign off on a nuclear rate hike#(worried) uhoh a meeting with the mayor how do i prepare for that ?
(worried) uhoh a meeting with the mayor how do i prepare for that ?#(knowing chuckle) i see (drains glass) now how do i prepare for the meeting with the mayor ?
(knowing chuckle) i see (drains glass) now how do i prepare for the meeting with the mayor ?#(a little tipsy) i am really enjoying this but um (down to business) hello meeting with the mayor ?
(a little tipsy) i am really enjoying this but um (down to business) hello meeting with the mayor ?#(tipsier) awww bourbon go byebye
there ain't enough bourbon in kentucky for you big guy#yeah the governor wrote me a letter to that effect
int chophouse  continuous)#wow i can not believe i am eating steak with the mayor the next time i vote for you it is gonna be on purpose
(through window) hey homer / look at you man#(loud whisper) i have outgrown you
(loud whisper) i have outgrown you#(to mayor haughtily) ah mr mayor more peanut nore ?
int sports stadium  day)#wow these seats are amazing
and if you do not like the score you can change it yourself#boring
boring#(thrilled) god what a great game and you too can be on the winning team mr mayor the springfield nuclear team
int nuclear plant  homer's corner office  day)#i can not believe that was work
yeah but work is over now wanna drink with me till i fall asleep ?#(torn) oh well
(torn) oh well#i really should look at this picture a little longer
i really should look at this picture a little longer#(grabbing coat) okay let's go
this set of bar tools has been passed down from account man to account man since the dawn of history 1956#(tearful) can you be my dad ?
ext simpsons house  several nights later  late evening)#(chuckles) it is a rat race but it looks like i won
dad you were supposed to read me a bedtime story#oh sorry sweetie bart can read it to you
(panicky) i will read i will read#(sternly) and kiss
does anybody want my opinion ?#please lisa i had eighteen martinis today
(sighs) i guess#close enough
homie what are you doing ?#my work is so meaningless
you make electricity it runs the hospital#you can not touch electricity marge you can not feel it
that is because it would kill you#(emotionless) it already is killing me marge (rattles his ice) you are the only one i can talk to my wife just does not get it
(irritated) i am your wife#my job is my wife loneliness my mistress despair my sex buddy angst is a chick i met online but then it turned out it was really a guy
i am going to bed#you do not understand me (points) only she understands me
you do not understand me (points) only she understands me#another round kid ?
another round kid ?#uh i got here after you did
your wife is here mr s#(loud whisper) tell her i am at a meeting not drinking
this is a whisperamplifying intercom#(short scream)
(urgent) homer i want you to come with me and the kids on a family vacation#of course of course family is everything to us company men now where shall we go on your vacation ?
rafting down rattler river canyon#that is great let me run the numbers because i really want the simpson account and give these cigars to your children
do not talk to me like i am a client#you are not a client you are the client
simpson put on your charmtheirpantsoff pants the mumpish oafs in washington are sending their sternest band of nuclear regulators handpicked to resist all blandishment#i will handle it i always do
rafting eh ? it is a perfect way to entertain them finally humanity has found a use for water#mr burns i can not go rafting with you because (to self) wait a minute could this all work ?
mr burns i can not go rafting with you because (to self) wait a minute could this all work ?#oh no you do not
coggilydoggily#it all fits mr burns rafting it is
but mr s you just promised this week to mrs s master b and mamselles l and m#now relax dottie leave everything to me
ext rattler river canyon  day)#(loving) oh marge this is the most romantic trip you ever nagged me into
(sexy) and maybe when we get home we can ride down something else#not sure what you are going for but (bob hope growl)
not sure what you are going for but (bob hope growl)#uh marge why do not i catch us some salmon ?
it is about time we have been making small talk about mussolini for fifteen minutes#well i uh found that contact lens i was missing lemme just screw her back in
well i uh found that contact lens i was missing lemme just screw her back in#(many exaggerated contact screwingin squeaks then) so everybody good ?
and yarn should be allowed to marry dental floss#uhoh if you have got that then
are you sure you are martin scorsese ?#(panting) enjoy the outdoors you stupid kid
(panting) enjoy the outdoors you stupid kid#this family time is so precious gotta go
homer are you schmoozing those men ?#(alarmed shriek)
take us out first anyone can start a family these days no one can find a job#let's see my family gives me love and sex my work gives me money and sleep
hurry we are heading for the falls#my coworkers are like a family but in some ways my family is like a family too
for god's sakes homer i have given you three children#(anguished) whose side are you on ?
well simpson you were willing to let me go over a waterfall but you cut operating expenses by six percent so you are forgiven#thanks (rising) now if you will excuse me i do not really like bourbon or business talk just good old simpson family fun
thanks (rising) now if you will excuse me i do not really like bourbon or business talk just good old simpson family fun#hey kids i am it
hey kids i am it#(distant) i am okay and i found some gold
oh i am so glad you are not an accounts man anymore#yep your worries are over i am back to being a boring old safety inspector at a nuclear power plant
we have to see the museum of tv before next wednesday when it closes forever#(running in alarmed) it is closing ? but where will people find clips of old tv shows if they are not housed in a giant building ? where ? where ?
whoa the gun sheriff baby wore hm#bart (nods) thank god i had this in my pocket
bart (nods) thank god i had this in my pocket#(moans) my pants are splitting wide open
(sotto) not so hard she will know we have a past#and people will see my tattoo of donald duck smoking a doob that was for marge's eyes only (noticing something) oh my god
int museum of tv and television  continuous)#fatso flanagan
who is fatso flanagan ?#only the funniest blackandwhite man ever
is not that just a ripoff of "the honeymooners ?"#everything's a ripoff of "the honeymooners" ( la "honeymooners") margie you are the greatest
just you wait eunice just you wait (mimes racking shotgun) kachik (mimes firing shotgun) kaboom (mimes brain splattering on wall) kasplatter see yer grave there ?#(chuckles) they were so childless and miserable
(nostalgic) the size fortyeights that is when he was the funniest#how would you know ?
(extending her hand) if you ever hear a star's name and wonder "is he dead ?" the answer is either i represent him or "yes"#now let me ask you something is there a place for an oldfashioned lardass like me on today's television ?
(considering noise) would you play a bloated corpse on "csi ?"#(excited) would i
(sighs) come on in it is a long story#(moans) now i hate him too
(to homer and marge) i was so mad at him i did not have sex with a clown for five months#what about mimes ?
they are pretty funny once i used one on milhouse he was wishing for his parents to get back together but the flame never went out (chuckles)#(chuckles) good one boy
(enthusiastic roar)#everything's perfect about the past except how it led to the present
int theater  krusty show set  day)#wow i can not believe we are in the audience of a paycable show
(surprisingly huge burp)#i will never eat turkey again (calls out) marge we got any ham ?
which means it is the start of christmas seasonwhich means#(in horror) christmas card photos ?
we tried that last year#(annoyed grunt)
not me man this cycle of jerks has to end#are we done yet ? "it is a wonderful life" is about to start (strokes his chin) i wonder what my life would've been like if i'd never seen that movie
i see you are reading a children's book yet your profile indicates you are a mature adult is there an error ?#(aggravated) shut up
(aggravated) shut up#oh marge how would you like some "future sex" ?
why do you say "future ?" this is now#i meant a week from tomorrow that is when the new penis gets here
i just got a message from maggie in my brain#ooo a bmail
ding) and lisa's coming with zia for once the whole family's going to be here for the holidays#hey i got a bmail too (closes eyes reads) "you have won a valuable prize open now"
do not open it homie it is a virus#too late (violent shuddering noises)
too late (violent shuddering noises)#yeah after i stopped drinking this was a way to stay close to my bottles
yeah after i stopped drinking this was a way to stay close to my bottles#i'd smash 'em all for one lousy beer
hey grampa are you gonna build a snowman ?#no i just like to dress up to eat my carrots and smoke
(sarcastic) thanks for spending so much time with us dad#(upbeat) who wants to go to the park and ride the merrygonowhere ?
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#hey sweetie marge said there was some family tension and at christmas of all times
hey sweetie marge said there was some family tension and at christmas of all times#(rueful chuckle) "bloody harry"  he brought back beheading in a big way now i am gonna show these boys downtown springfield
(rueful chuckle) "bloody harry"  he brought back beheading in a big way now i am gonna show these boys downtown springfield#no do not worry i have my invisibility cloak (worried) now where did i put it ?
ext "cemetery"  day)#(somber) this is where my father is
int cryogenic facility  later)#he froze himself because he was sick and there was no cure
are they working on one ?#oh they found it but do not tell him this is way cheaper than a nursing home
(confused noises)#dad these are your greatgrandsons
ah i do not see what is great about 'em and homer you are still a big disappointment because#see you next christmas
why did you bring us here homer ?#to prove a point everyone thinks their dad's a jerk and everyone's right but when you get older you realize how much you love 'em
to prove a point everyone thinks their dad's a jerk and everyone's right but when you get older you realize how much you love 'em#your dad may be a little immature but i know he loves you so you ought to give him a chance
you have taught us the meaning of christmas which schools are forbidden to tell us any more#is it snowing down here ?
(wiseguy voice) no one of the freezers is busted#if those kids can forgive that train wreck of a father then maybe i can forgive
(immediately resuming rant) you quit drinkin' like a coward the one thing you were good at#(reconsidering noise)
(unfrozen) lawn chairbreakin' (frozen then unfrozen) hairlosin' (frozen then unfrozen) margelovin' (frozen then unfrozen) barometerdropping (frozen then unfrozen) fatherfreezin' (frozen then unfrozen kindly) but you would always come and get me when i wandered out on the freeway  'cause deep down you could not bear to see me smooshed#i love you dad
next#(grumpy) finally the only thing i wait in lines this long for are for slightlybetter cell phones
cousin kathy invited us so our feelings would not be hurt and we are going so her feelings will not be hurt#i just do not understand the world of grownups
(wiseguy) sorry sir your bag is two pounds over the limit are you sure everything inside is essential ?#absolutely let me just redistribute our thingies amongst our various bags
absolutely let me just redistribute our thingies amongst our various bags#(sorting) high school yearbooks
i told you not to pack them#(sotto) do not argue in front of the airport line strangers are judging our marriage
they selfreference each other#(chiding) marge do we really need all these feminine products ?
that is toothpaste#yes but i never use that kind of toothpaste
i need my books#try to catch one on your tongue (sticks out tongue)
sir you have been selected for a patdown#woo hoo can you focus on my shoulders  that is where i carry my stress
woo hoo can you focus on my shoulders  that is where i carry my stress#now if i fart that is 'cause i am so relaxed
sir there is not enough room#yes there is woo hoo
welcome to flight 55 to bozeman montana by way of miami due to an unforeseen jailbreak in new south wales our takeoff is gonna be just a little bit delayed so we are gonna be turning off the air but ethnic people are permitted to open and eat their homecooked food#huh ? what the
(firm) sir return to your seat#but i have to go to the bathroom
you should've thought of that before you drank the fluids you need to live#(into mic dramatically) do not tread on pee (yell) we probably have rights
(into mic dramatically) do not tread on pee (yell) we probably have rights#(into mic) airlines do not treat people like people anymore
(into mic) airlines do not treat people like people anymore#you make us beg for a filthy pillow that a barnyard rat would not curl up and die in and watch pretaped messages that make crashing look like fun
you make us beg for a filthy pillow that a barnyard rat would not curl up and die in and watch pretaped messages that make crashing look like fun#(bitterly) never putting me next to a pretty girl
(don knotts) now you have done it (don knotts sniff)#(screams)
come on ladies you are all deputies now#(cornered) look all i want is what everybody wants preferential treatment
preferential treatment#(rhetorical pumping fist) you can check my carryon but you can not check my spirit and why is there moisture between the windows ? and do not wake me up to land just land
(rhetorical pumping fist) you can check my carryon but you can not check my spirit and why is there moisture between the windows ? and do not wake me up to land just land#(toppling out door noise)
(toppling out door noise)#(doppler) i regret nothing except this part
int security examination room  later)#i am still gonna make my flight right ? 'cause if not you have to put me up in a first class hotel that is how it works i (choking noises)
perfect#(onscreen) you can not check my spirit
(onscreen) you can not check my spirit#(onscreen) and why is there moisture in between the windows ?
(onscreen) and why is there moisture in between the windows ?#(onscreen) and do not wake me up to land
oh yes mr homer#(moans)
(moans)#what gave me away ?
why are you in disguise ?#because of that dumb viral video with a hundred and fifty million hits i can not go out in public
(noticing homer) hey it is the guy from the plane#(sighs)
yeah way to go#(puzzled noise)
when i heard homer speak i no longer felt small#they love me the quiet homer simpson that kept it all bottled up inside is dead this is the birth of homer simpson blowhard i am on the roll of my life gimme a scratcher
they love me the quiet homer simpson that kept it all bottled up inside is dead this is the birth of homer simpson blowhard i am on the roll of my life gimme a scratcher#give me another one
give me another one#almost a winner
homer simpson#woo hoo i am famous again
that is a great point adriatica#well if i could explain myself
(encouraging) homie you can win this argument just rant and rave like you do to the tv during sports#yes yes got it
(clears throat) and we are back with homer simpson who is about to become a soggy pamper flung to the side of history's freeway in (checks watch) three two#(bangs table) not so fast
(gasp)#now i may not be some manipedied tv blowhard
now i may not be some manipedied tv blowhard#but i do speak for the common man who does his lousy job goes to church twice a year and watches women's tennis 'cause he likes to hear 'em grunt i bet chuck the cameraman and steve the sound guy know where i am coming from
everything's closed#yeah that is what i am talkin' about those real people out there who buy their coffee from the minimart and grab enough sugar packs for a week honest hardworking sugarstealing americans
from now on when someone asks me i am gonna say you are my father#aw son now i regret badmouthing you to that girl you liked
homer you are getting your own show#finally but i want to do it my way classy and sophisticated
classy and sophisticated#(booming) welcome to "gut check with homer simpson" where the truth is served with a side of (ominous) in your face
int tv show set  continuous)#(earnest) i am homer simpson
(earnest) i am homer simpson#america's latest teller of truth with a book deal on the side
america's latest teller of truth with a book deal on the side#audio book read by lenny i am not just another loudmouth i am a loudmouth who says things you are afraid to say (booming) but not racist things
audio book read by lenny i am not just another loudmouth i am a loudmouth who says things you are afraid to say (booming) but not racist things#(calmly) let's go to the map
(calmly) let's go to the map#zoomy zoomy zoomy dateline nebraska
zoomy zoomy zoomy dateline nebraska#a high school principal has decided that football is too dangerous so he is replacing it with (sneering) soccer
a high school principal has decided that football is too dangerous so he is replacing it with (sneering) soccer#(raspy) goodnight and good gravy
(choking noises)#are you ready for irish announcers with lyrical accents (irish accent) "oh that is a lovely touch oh such beautiful form" (normal voice becoming raspy) if we lose football we lose the blitz cheerleaders rudys ochocincos (sobs) something for fat kids to play (sobs) ochocincos
are you ready for irish announcers with lyrical accents (irish accent) "oh that is a lovely touch oh such beautiful form" (normal voice becoming raspy) if we lose football we lose the blitz cheerleaders rudys ochocincos (sobs) something for fat kids to play (sobs) ochocincos#(ominous) oh yeah that is right it is already happening people hoard your toilet paper shoot the mailman (sobs) shoot the mailman
int simpson house  dining room  night)#this is going so great i am already a halloween mask
that is not you they just painted shrek yellow#it is still a great honor
what is with the crying ?#great question i know you children have never seen your father cry before marge do we have any more gravy ?
no we are out#(huge sobs) why ? oh why ?
homie i am glad you are passionate i just hope you are not riling people up with your show#oh marge do not worry people know i am doing a character like stephen colbert or newt gingrich
int "gut check" set  continuous)#(sober very serious) welcome back to "gut check" i have something very very proamerican to share with you come with me
(sober very serious) welcome back to "gut check" i have something very very proamerican to share with you come with me#death to america (calmly) i mean over here
death to america (calmly) i mean over here#you all know i am a big fan of american meat although sometimes you have gotta cut off some of the gristle
you all know i am a big fan of american meat although sometimes you have gotta cut off some of the gristle#take that centers of art and commerce and this country has something extra that makes our meat the juiciest most meltinyourmouth stayinyourheart meat in the world that is right i am talkin' about the gravy of freedom
take that centers of art and commerce and this country has something extra that makes our meat the juiciest most meltinyourmouth stayinyourheart meat in the world that is right i am talkin' about the gravy of freedom#when march madness spills into april  that is the gravy when someone messes with you and you invade the country that did it plus another one  that is the gravy when you stick your flag in the moon and say "now we are done tryin'"  that is the gravy
when march madness spills into april  that is the gravy when someone messes with you and you invade the country that did it plus another one  that is the gravy when you stick your flag in the moon and say "now we are done tryin'"  that is the gravy#so get on the boat the gravy boat
so get on the boat the gravy boat#(casual) great show people great show (to prop guy) um not a big deal but next time can we use real gravy instead of brown paint ? not a big deal
so what is this with the gravy boat ?#just an innocuous little symbol like a smiley face or a like an iou
you know symbols can often rile people up the swastika the new york yankees logo#(chuckles) do not worry sweetie i think i know how to whip up an audience just short of a frenzy
ext simpson house  evening  establishing)#(calling out) marge i am going to meet with the republican establishment and pick their nominee if there is sandwiches there you want me to bring some back ?
(tactful) speaking for lisa and me we are not really a hundred and ten percent behind you anymore#then what percent above one hundred are you behind me ?
um none#only one hundred percent ? (aghast noises)
dad you should not do this it is not fair how much influence you have#now lisa i am an entertainer and you can not entertain and inform at the same time and if you are access hollywood you do neither (witty chuckle)
now they are all excellent choices so simply pick the white male candidate you prefer and we will elect him#(examines photos) i do not know can not we get chris christie to run ?
(eats then choking noises) save me obama care#eh maybe i will vote democrat the great thing is when they get in they act like republicans
no one's voting democrat while i can still draw a bow#(gasps)
(gasps)#(admiring) ted nugent i made love on my honeymoon to your sweet music you are my man
dad you cannot endorse ted nugent i mean sure we all love his music#oh yes
arise homer simpson#huh ? who is there ?
huh ? who is there ?#(shrieks) mozart
i am james madison sir#(shrieks)
fourth president of these united states#(impressed noise)
now come and i shall teach you of democracy#can we get some pizza on the way ?
can we get some pizza on the way ?#they sell some at the gas station
i do not want gas station pizza#so how come your picture's not on money ?
actually i am on the five thousand dollar bill#( la sergeant bilko) do you give 'em out for fans ? 'cause i am a fan
i want to show you something#what is this ? some kind of bicentennial lemon party ?
these are the framers of the constitution homer (proudly) this great nation is built upon the hard work of well as you would say "nerds"#nerds you want i should mess 'em up ?
you are an embarrassment to the aristocratic slaveholders who forged this mighty nation#(whimpering) but gravy is the freedom where
silence founding fathers to me#(flying up and down noises) congress shall have the power to lay and collect taxes no new states shall be formed or erected within the jurisdiction of any other staaaate
int simpson house  master bedroom  morning)#(halfasleep) no no john hancock i do not need insurance sam adams i am sorry i made fun of your winter ale
homie wake up#(wakes up then realizing noise) it was all a dream oh marge oscar madison came to me and told me that politics are serious and important
int lisa's room  a little later)#lisa you were right i am not going to endorse anybody for anything
oh dad i am so glad you have heard the voice of reason#yes the will of the people should not be subverted by demagogues who hey what is this ?
yes the will of the people should not be subverted by demagogues who hey what is this ?#"springfield colonial village" ?
"springfield colonial village" ?#(disbelief) what the ?
(disbelief) what the ?#you faked it ? lisa how could you ?
i did it just to mess with your mind#(mad) that is what a play within a play is for (strangles bart)
no strangling on school days#(mad) well if there is one thing i do not like being taught it is a lesson i am so mad not only will i endorse ted nugentbut i will call for an end to the direct election of senators
dad no#really ? that made sense ? then i am definitely doing it
int "gut check with homer simpson" soundstage  later)#folks because i love democracy so much i command you to vote for this man whom i alone have selected as your next president
folks because i love democracy so much i command you to vote for this man whom i alone have selected as your next president#now to baptize his candidacy with my tears (choked up) the words "strutting stadium rocker" are overused these days but when i first met ted nugent
now to baptize his candidacy with my tears (choked up) the words "strutting stadium rocker" are overused these days but when i first met ted nugent#(puzzled noise) what ? my emotions were so powerful
come on hurry up and cry so i can get elected and open up the san diego zoo for big game huntin'#it is not working but why ?
maybe because deep down you know you do not believe in what you are doing#oh my god she is right my lips will say anything but my eyes know the truth my ears are keeping their mouth shut
oh my god she is right my lips will say anything but my eyes know the truth my ears are keeping their mouth shut#my fellow americans i am full of crap
(to tune of "cat scratch fever") there is a new national anthem that is sweepin' the land / and it was written by me / and it popped into my head while i was washing my dog / suck on that francis scott key#(chorus) i got a good song fever / (ted) a ted nugent fever / (homer) something something fever
(spoken) sing it homer#i got this song fever
i got this song fever#we got america fever / we got america fever
us of a#us of a great song ted when is our next gig ? are we goin' to new york or
us of a great song ted when is our next gig ? are we goin' to new york or#(sad moan)
(hostile agreeing murmurs)#leave her alone that is my only talking daughter
well mcbain you certainly picked a bad time to come out of retirement i hope you have a cobra plan#(frustrated noise) down in front
(frustrated noise) down in front#(frustrated noises) dammit why do kids have heads ?
homie stop watching the movie in the other people's car#(moans) but i am invested in the characters
you will miss the turnoff to the fancy new mall#i make my own turnoffs
i make my own turnoffs#and that kids is how you stick it to the towne centre real estate investment trust (passing spaces) no no no woo hoo
someone thinks we are leaving i will wave them off#no no no no let's see how long we can keep 'em waiting everyone act like we are buckling up to go home (chuckles)
homie#marge if you were married to da vinci you would not tell him not to da vinch
(furious) dammit are you leaving or not ?#leaving ? why on earth would you think that ?
(laughing) we totally wasted his time#(gleeful) and ours (chortles)
ext parking structure/ext mall  day)#this place is so great when the trolley hits you it does not even hurt
this place is so great when the trolley hits you it does not even hurt#(pop 'n' fresh doughboy giggles) you try it maggie
i was hanging onto these gift cards as investments but then half the companies went out of business better sort those out#(annoyed grunt) doover
(annoyed grunt) doover#(nervous noises then) woo hoo
(nervous noises then) woo hoo#(grim) unspool it into my mouth till that card is at zero
(grim) unspool it into my mouth till that card is at zero#(mouth full) draw the curtain
(mouth full) draw the curtain#(bun guzzling noises)
(bun guzzling noises)#sir as a complexion scientist i must advise you against using any more this is the most powerful hydrator we sell
sir as a complexion scientist i must advise you against using any more this is the most powerful hydrator we sell#less blathering more slathering
ext mapple store/cinnabun store  day)#(pouty) i do not trust this place where are the cashiers ?
(pouty) i do not trust this place where are the cashiers ?#(puzzled noise)
(puzzled noise)#(impressed noise)
(impressed noise)#(puzzled noise)
(puzzled noise)#(impressed noise)
i wish my dates were this interesting#i will take it (driving a hard bargain) provided you charge me for services that google offers for free
(upbeat) i already have#sweet
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#this computer is so great i am watching the latest sofia coppola movie at "twenty times" speed to make it seem like a normal movie
(slumps into chair) i have no friends#(sweet) aw sweetie hey why do not you make friends with my new computer ?
(cheered up a little) okay#let me just download the complete works of shakespeare (hums)
let me just download the complete works of shakespeare (hums)#(sneaky chuckle) now who is the greatest writer of all time ?
(ecstatic) wow i have created something incredibly popular#and i have created something that created something incredibly popular
and i created an alcoholic hippo#you never showed it to me
a stupid alcoholic hippo#i still wanna see it
(frustrated) there is no hippo#then why did you say it ?
'cause you are the hippo#are you just saying that 'cause you do not want me to see the hippo ?
int moe's  evening  the past)#(tipsy) man this website makes talking drunk to my wife so much safer
(tipsy) man this website makes talking drunk to my wife so much safer#i am sitting here zero sheets to the wind (sneaky chuckle)
i am sitting here zero sheets to the wind (sneaky chuckle)#(homer voice but dignified) counting the moments to closing time when i can stumble home to you another round moe uhoh did i type that ? (panicky) delete delete (thoughtful) hm typing "delete" does not delete
ext simpson car  driving home from court  day)#(aggravated) what the that idiot cut me off
(aggravated) what the that idiot cut me off#(manipulating phone) i am gonna run his plates find out who he is then change his springface profile picture to a shot of a monkey (chuckles) get that marge ? a monkey
(calling heavenward) help us larry summers#right (types) status update homer is watching the (shrieks)
(sarcastic) no we want your dad#marco
marco#come on lisa
polo#fish out of water
ext moe's  night  establishing)#and that is why i really do not believe there is a god thank you and god bless america
(annoyed) you were only supposed to lead us in the pledge of allegiance#well i am pretty sure it was in there somewhere
(huge laugh)#(huge laugh)
(continues chuckling)#witty (chuckles)
(thinks then) uh there once was a boy named ali baba he and his elder brother cassim were the sons of a merchant who traded in camels and spices and#(southern) needs flavor
(southern) rag soup#(southern) that is better
i was part of an expedition to the top of mount everest one that had the distinction of failing unheroically#(struggles to breathe collapses) oxygen i need oxygen
c'mon man a few more balloons and this'll look really awesome#(frozen annoyed grunt)
(laugh)#(gasps) oh marge this is brilliant
why does the guy have to do everything for the girl on valentine's day ?#we show girls love on valentine's day and they let us blow stuff up on the fourth of july i just pray they never fall on the same day
"my darling husband this valentine's day i have a present for you"#(sincere) thanks for reading it to me
i just think we should do things every day to show our love for each other#(very alarmed noise)
(sweetly) it is okay homie go have a good time take bart with you#(moans) which one do you want ?
int springfield batting cage  a little later)#you have the most wonderful mom in the world which is why i have no idea where she is or what she is doing
you have the most wonderful mom in the world which is why i have no idea where she is or what she is doing#(calling to him) that is right sucker it is valentine's day and i have got a date with some fastballs
lucky bastard (then covering) i mean my darling i was looking at myself in the side view mirror#(taunting noises)
i hope you hit one off the handle and your hands sting#(agonized noise of pain)
somehow i missed that phase#almost there boy almost there almost there
almost there boy almost there almost there#i am getting' closer it is just within reach
oh my i do not know if anyone's ever kissed my hand before#well your arms are lanky it is kind of a long trip down there
my mother said i should bring some wine#(intrigued) hm the french have gotten into the wine game good luck catchin' up with the big boys
int simpson car  continuous)#so dad what kind of stupid idea did you put in lisa's head ?
she wants to steal a kiss like pyramus and thisbe#did you say "ultimate frisbee ?"
no#(disappointed noise)
(grunts of great exertion)#women and shoes am i right ?
ext the cove  continuous)#do not worry ladies i ama comin'
do not worry ladies i ama comin'#(watery annoyed grunt)
(watery annoyed grunt)#you know i heard if a fat guy stops moving he floats
you know i heard if a fat guy stops moving he floats#(underwater annoyed grunt)
good evening it is with great sadness i inform you that america and china have declared war and a massive nuclear attack is expected to reach our shores within the hour#(short shriek)
(chuckles) that is the sort of hypothetical emergency today's disaster preparedness drill is designed to get us ready for#(relieved noise)
all springfielders should now move off the streets and inside their homes please avoid the superstitious panic which marked the recent lunar eclipse#(chuckles then to grampa) sorry dad i was afraid the dragon would not cough the moon back up
i know it is futile but i must again point out there is no dragon#then why am i paying eight hundred dollars a year in dragon insurance ?
again i maintain that money would be better spent on car insurance#lisa everyone knows dragons do not attack cars jeez pick up a book
(frustrated) i pick up books like you pick up beers#(grim) then you have a serious reading problem
now we are supposed to stay down in our storm cellar for three hours#so do your farting now
homie what if that was the last thing you ever said ?#do not worry my last words will be "i can outrun that lion"
(sighs)#all right everybody in
not me (coughs)#two can play at that game
two can play at that game#(choking noise) i can do this i can do this (retching noise)
(choking noise) i can do this i can do this (retching noise)#boy i told you an hour ago stop that
i could see a planetarium show without the secondhand marijuana#and i can drive drunk while i am actually sober
ext springfield streets  day)#it is fun but not as fun
(sotto) what is going on ? why is there a picture of us ? this is not good#oh honey why must you always assume that a huge picture of us at a secret meeting we weren't told about is a bad thing ?
why would you want to banish us from springfield ?#yeah we are like family to you i am talking to you headphonebus driver guy
the simple fact is the city is going broke cleaning up after homer's drunken shenanigans#we won woo hoo
(rising anger)#now now now just a second here now i know we are not perfect but uh i believe it was sammy hagar who said
ext outskirts of town  day)#(moans) i always thought "tarred and feathered" was just a figure of speech
(moans) i always thought "tarred and feathered" was just a figure of speech#(bitter) good luck patching potholes and stuffing pillows now
(clears throat) simpsons in accordance with article six section two of the town charter#(one last chance) wait (ominous) if you banish us you shall be cursed with a thousandyear drought
(one last chance) wait (ominous) if you banish us you shall be cursed with a thousandyear drought#i mean a thousandyear flood
i mean a thousandyear flood#(annoyed grunt) i mean a thousand years of perfect weather
if you see a simpson do not try to reason with it just kill it and turn in the pelt for a free soda#soda eh ?
dad where are we going ? do we have a plan ?#(sobs) oh let's face it i am the one that is brought this fate upon us and there is only one way out i have gotta man up (increasingly macho) okay manning up manning up mannning (falsetto) girling down girling down
hey henrietta hippo i have got to drain the inchworm#(aggravated sigh) fine
(aggravated sigh) fine#(nervous) please put that down
i just got started#not you him
(friendly) rejected by society huh ? well why did not you say so ? welcome to the offthegrid unincorporated settlement we proudly call "the outlands"#we found a new home when god shuts a door he opens a window
(singing) the outlands#eh i am sick of watching fox let's get some fresh air (enticing) i got the atv's right out back
should i get my helmet ?#helmet ? that is springfield talk
is there gas in these ?#springfield talk
well how are we supposed to get fuel ?#(duh) private plane crashes
(breathes deeply) ahhh smell that unpolluted air y'know i am glad we are in exile#yep i never realized how much i hated every single one of my friends and relatives
do not be ridiculous it is an afghan wedding being bombed#well i have got a really big secret for you (loud whisper) i am not wearing any underwear
he is no ned flanders and i miss the springfield sign and how every street is a dead end god help me i even miss helen lovejoy criticizing my brownies (small sobs)#hey baby banned forever does not mean you can not go back sometimes
yes it does#pipe down boy (turns to marge) i am sneaking you back into springfield
ext springfield  city limits  evening)#("burns") oh "smithers"
(worried) homie these disguises will not fool anyone#(imitating burns) pish tosh smithers and fiddledeedee (homer voice chuckles) nailed it
mr burns you might catch a cold out this late you want my jacket ? here lemme warm my gun up for ya#("burns") excellent
ext lard lad donuts  night)#(slightly tipsy) you know what is great about you marge ? after all these years you can still shinny up the donut and then pull me up after you
look a shooting star#do you ever wonder if there are donut shops on other planets ?
int bowlarama  continuous)#strike woo hoo
(seductive) wanna make out over the foul line ?#(intense) ever since the day we met
ext springfield  simpson house  night)#the old homestead remember when we moved in (walter matthau) and i talked like this ?
int simpson house  master bedroom  continuous)#(chuckles) there is no sex like fugitive sex
yeah this place is awesome but it is not puppy safe and my little guy's coming tomorrow#(scared) someone's downstairs
(admitting) that is pretty smart#all right you caught us what are you gonna do about it ? (mocking) throw us out of town again ?
cancel their subscription to the opera#we hate opera
then get them a subscription to the opera#nooo
do not even bother shooting us we have found a new place that we love a place that may not have indoor plumbing but it is got something we treasure more#yeah nonjerks
yeah nonjerks#(gasps)
ext outlands  day)#(happy humming then) well i have tightened the bolt i think we are good
you sure this is a good idea ?#this is the outlands boy ideas are not good or bad they are just free power on
this is the outlands boy ideas are not good or bad they are just free power on#(doppler head inside engine) i was wrong there are bad ideas there are terrible ideas
(doppler head inside engine) i was wrong there are bad ideas there are terrible ideas#now i am over here
(terrified) i ami ami am here as a friend looking for a better way of life#hey lenny welcome aboard
hey lenny welcome aboard#now i gotta warn you if you find a little black thing on your pillow it will not be a mint
get her off get her off#(chuckles) let her slice off the tip of your ear and she will go right to sleep
no#(grim) that is not a choice you get to make
(trying to win them back) hey guys what can i getcha ?#forget it we do not need some big city bartender chargin' us an arm and a leg for something we can do ourselves
i probably should not have given this place five stars on yelp#(shrugs) well i rented that plane
you lack a corrupt city government#true true
int simpson house  homer and marge's bedroom  continuous)#(alert) yes awake let's do this
dad i wanted to give you a headsup mom's birthday is tomorrow it is time to start your annual mad dash around town to get her a present that is not completely insulting#you know sweetie there was a time when i would've killed for that information but i am pleased to announce i have already bought your mother a present
(incrediblyshocked gasp)#and brace yourself (dramatic) i put some thought into it
(even bigger shocked gasp)#it is a stateoftheart food mash'emupper
(impressed) wha ? mom is gonna love that#(chuckles) "love" ? your mom's gonna feel so good it will make mere "love" seem like chewing tinfoil because today i am getting it autographed
by who ? lenny ?#(booming) by the box lady herself
(impressed noise)#yeah (repeats her impressed noise)
int swapper jack's  continuous)#man oh man look at this place finally a supermarket with a clear premise island something
these'll go great with ("beetel") betel nut butter#wow i do not believe the simpsons will be shopping at the kwikemart anymore
oh really ?#apu what are you doing out of your natural habitat ?
now see here i have always considered you cashgiving cows to be my friends and friends do not betray friends#(defiant) friends are the only people you can betray and you would do it in a second for a supermarket that gives free coffee samples
convenience forever freshness never#would you sign this for my wife marge ? she is a big fan and her birthday is tomorrow
(signing box) uhhuh (looks up) you know while i was signing this for your wife i just cooked up#(excited noise)
a great idea#(disappointed noise)
how would you like it if i called your wife live from my show tomorrow to wish her a happy birthday ?#you would do that ? (excited gasp to self) oh my god this might be a marge's birthday where i get sex
now last but not least your present homie#(nervous excitement) wait one sec marge before you open it you are gonna get a phone call that will make this your most awesome birthday ever
well we are still focused on me instead of watching golf so that is pretty good#the only golf we will watch is ladies' golf and we are not watching that (checks watch) now in three two one
the only golf we will watch is ladies' golf and we are not watching that (checks watch) now in three two one#i repeat one
i repeat one#(drawing it out as long as he can) onnnnnnneee (ends with big cough)
(drawing it out as long as he can) onnnnnnneee (ends with big cough)#(raspy) onnneee onnneee
(weary) please do not say one again#(almost a whisper) onnneee
homie whatever it is it is not happening#this yolkseparating camerahog was supposed to call you and say happy birthday from her show
(shrugs sadly) well at least you remembered i like her#a pity kiss ? (irate) that tears it (points to box) i am gonna call that paula paul and give her a piece of my mind
a pity kiss ? (irate) that tears it (points to box) i am gonna call that paula paul and give her a piece of my mind#(puzzled noise) the phone's dead
(puzzled noise) the phone's dead#normal normal normal normal (great shock) uncharacteristic ? (examines torn cord) hm a chewthrough what could have
normal normal normal normal (great shock) uncharacteristic ? (examines torn cord) hm a chewthrough what could have#(sweet) aw i mean (furious) arrrgh
aw he is trying to eat ewectwicity#you let this monster into our home where he chewed through our one and only phone cord
i think that is enough birthday fun#(totally enraged) why you little i am gonna get (thinks) no homer you can not strangle a boy on his mother's birthday juries hate that so instead boy i want you to (angry thinking noises then) get in that rabbit cage
no way man i am a freerange kid#no backtalk in the cage now
no backtalk in the cage now#(grimly) get in there
(grimly) get in there#son do you have a minute ?
son do you have a minute ?#i have been thinking i really should not have put you in there and left you there while we were having pizza without you so i am gonna let you out with my apologies
do not wanna come out#(aggravated noise) what ?
i like it in the cage these cedar shavings are a helluva lot better than my lumpy mattress#(mad) boy get out of that cage
but it is my home now sir#(frustrated noise) i will poke a broom in there you know i am capable of it
fine (mumbles)#stupid kid
stupid kid#this is not comfortable at all i do not see how a rabbit could possibly
this is not comfortable at all i do not see how a rabbit could possibly#(contented snores)
hey you punks what're you doing ?#(sneaky chuckle)
int car  continuous)#(hums "simpsons theme" then to end four notes) drivingtowork (stops singing puzzled noise)
(hums "simpsons theme" then to end four notes) drivingtowork (stops singing puzzled noise)#(suspicious) wait a minute that guy on the poster looks familiar
(suspicious) wait a minute that guy on the poster looks familiar#(to self in mirror) do not just stare back at me come up with a theory (then looking around) geez it is all over the place holy moly
tag we are it springfield has been hit hard by a mysterious graffiti artist and his iconic callingcard which we have dubbed "mr fatso"#heard about this thing boy ?
no no i am too concerned with unemployment#hm sounds like a lie but what could he be covering up ?
(entering alarmed) homie have you seen our stencil budget for this month ?#not now marge
(scared yell)#boy you like this necklace i just bought ?
boy you like this necklace i just bought ?#pretty dope do not you think ?
ext springfield street  day  later)#hey bart check this out
hey bart check this out#look at me i am mr fatso (laughs) it is funny 'cause it is so preposterous
i carumba ? (sotto) not so loud if my dad hears about the show he might realize mr fatso is him#(confused) what the
(confused) what the#(stunned) what ? no it can not be
(stunned) what ? no it can not be#shut up i will fix you
shut up i will fix you#(obedient) yes master
(obedient) yes master#here car here boy
int bart's bed  night)#why you little
(choking noises)#(furious) pay for your genius
(more choking)#oh what is the use ? when a man is not a hero to his son he is nothing
c'mon dad you made me mad so i got back at you how was i to know parents had feelings ?#(distant through window) well we do
i wanna show you i understand how you feel and they say a picture's worth a thousand words#(sad) you just ruined my car
correction it is worth ten times as much#(ecstatic) five hundred dollars ? woohoo thanks boy
you are welcome and from now on dad if anyone laughs at you they have gotta go through me#really anyone ? (posing a question) what about the hulk riding a rhinoceros ? would you stop him from laughing ?
wait is the hulk laughing or the rhinoceros ?#both but the rhinoceros does not know why he is just trying to fit in
well we have gotta teach him a lesson somehow#chief i believe i have the answer in the back of my car
int hallway  continuous)#did you guys see that stupid foul call in the game last night ?
hey the supply room's open i better close it#(doppler) unguarded stuffff
(doppler) unguarded stuffff#(forcing door open with mouth noise)
(forcing door open with mouth noise)#attention lovers of free office supplies come and steal things you can easily afford
can someone open this bottle of mother wolf placenta for me ?#(scared noise) mr burns save me panic
ext street outside plant  continuous)#woo hoo
only one of you monkeys wasn't caught with his sticky paw in my tin cup (adoring) homer simpson#(sheepish chuckle) how ya doin' there ?
now simpson how is it that you alone manage to keep your moral compass pointed to true north ?#well sir before i do anything i stop and ask myself "what would jesus and mr burns do ?"
ext lake springfield  day)#(chuckles) y'know boy my dad used to take me fishing just like this
(chuckles) y'know boy my dad used to take me fishing just like this#more angry texts from work
(chuckles) i can not believe you got all your friends in trouble and you got the day off#hey it is called "karma" (sips beer)
is not karma where if you do something bad bad things happen to you ?#(chuckles) a common misconception
(chuckles) a common misconception#suck it karma yeah i am talkin' to you karma (cocky laugh) karma's a bitch karma
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#nothin' better than a lazy saturday morning lying in a warm moist bed because weekends are (horrified) moist ?
nothin' better than a lazy saturday morning lying in a warm moist bed because weekends are (horrified) moist ?#i wet the bed the one embarrassing thing i have never done
i wet the bed the one embarrassing thing i have never done#marge from time to time i have heard you speak of a "washing" "machine" where would i find this marvelous contraption ?
why ? are you going to do the laundry ?#not just the laundry (thinking fast) that would be weird and you might ask questions i wanna do all the chores
not just the laundry (thinking fast) that would be weird and you might ask questions i wanna do all the chores#do not yell at me brain (points to sheets) this happened on your watch you have two jobs thinking and bladder control
thinking and bladder control#i like to watch lamar odom play xbox while his giant wife yells at him is that so nuts ? (beat brain does not answer) huh ? yeah shut you up
i like to watch lamar odom play xbox while his giant wife yells at him is that so nuts ? (beat brain does not answer) huh ? yeah shut you up#now i am sure yesterday's incident of urination domination was a onetime deal but just to make sure
now i am sure yesterday's incident of urination domination was a onetime deal but just to make sure#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#(sad moan) why can not i cork my wangwine ?
(singsongy) homer you do not yet understand the meaning of karma#but is not karma just an expression of the dharma ?
(shocked sputtering then) that is beside the point okay ? if something bad is happening to you it must be because of something you did to others#(realizing gasp) deep down i must be feeling guilty about getting my friends in trouble and my problem will not stop till i make things right with them but first a little more sleep
who the hell are you ?#(doling out burgers) i am sorry cheese on that ? sorry hey lenny sorry
(doling out burgers) i am sorry cheese on that ? sorry hey lenny sorry#one more announcement make sure you whack "piata me" and not real me
(impressed) a lot of work went into this thing#(nervous for acceptance) so i gotta know do you guys forgive me ?
ain't no problem that free food and free booze will not fix#free ? uh
free ? uh#free it is
(huge cheer)#(sincerely moved) thanks guys (to self) tomorrow morning my sheets will be as dry as the surface of mars except for the poles
int homer and marge's bedroom  continuous)#(incrediblyshocked noises then) what the ? wet again ? (moans) i did the right thing for nothing (grim) there is only one solution left
int simpson house  master bedroom  evening)#okay place detection pad here connect alarm hookup there
okay place detection pad here connect alarm hookup there#now that is what i call looking out for number one (chuckles)
(startled yelp) what is going on ?#um uh probably just the fire alarm  try to go back to sleep
um uh probably just the fire alarm  try to go back to sleep#(hitting noises then) you stupid
(laughs then) what is goin' on ? is this a joke ?#(somber) son i am afraid the uralarm whiznomore 9000 is no joke
what is going on ?#(sighs) kids there is something i have to tell you  your mother and i are wetting the bed
we are wetting the bed ?#hey when you were pregnant everything was "we"
(kissing noises)#what ?
what ?#(very violent neardeath choking noises)
i am sorry homie a diaper just is not sexy#what about cupid ? he is smokin' hot
he is a baby with wings#marge it is not the diaper it is what is inside (chuckles)
marge it is not the diaper it is what is inside (chuckles)#(strippertype brassy beat) bumbabumba / bumbabumba
(sadly) that is just not doing it for me#(sad noise)
ext ski mountain  day)#(slaloming noises then) hey guys whatcha doing in my dream ?
trying to fix your broken brain#(panicked) what do i do ?
(panicked) what do i do ?#my brain's fine in my dreams i am an intermediate skier
(evil booming laugh)#ski patrol everyone be cool
(scornful) you wet the bed ?#great now death knows
great now death knows#(short shriek)
what do you see ?#um nothing typical dream nonsense
shut up you kids and bring me baloney#(adlib quickly escalating fight)
ext "inception"style beach  the ultimate layer  day)#i know this dream it is the land of my innermost thoughts and fondest desires
welcome back handsome#uh marge this is my friend keggy
in this fantasy kwikemart you get your change in bacon#woo hoo
(pointedly) where is my god now ?#(chuckles)
we know there is a marriage in trouble and it has something to do with fish#oh lighten up marge i take you to the disneyland of me and you just wanna go to the lost and found well guess what ? we are stayin' in this dream forever
oh lighten up marge i take you to the disneyland of me and you just wanna go to the lost and found well guess what ? we are stayin' in this dream forever#(alternate happy things to say) whee i am in me / oh / i love the down parts here comes
ext homer's dream city  day)#(screams) quick gum up the gears with moes
(individual beingcrushed noises)#oh death you are a lifesaver
oh death you are a lifesaver#thank you death and may i ask what is taking so long with larry king ?
death#mom ?
no (sweetly) but i live on in homer's dreams#just like my hair
that is jennifer aniston's hair on "friends"#exactly like chandler always criticizing
something that just might help homer wake up dry#wow
int "small shed"  continuous)#roomy
(chuckles) man homer you have always been a loser#why you little
why you little#there is nothing in this dream world that can not strangle you
int movie theater  continuous)#(miserable) you left him because i tipped the boat over and ruined the vacation
pathetic a kid who can not keep his parents' marriage together is no kid at all#it is true i failed the basic duty of childhood (gasps) and then when i took bart fishing it all came back  and the guilt made me wet the bed
int homer's dream  theater  continuous)#(happily) i am cured i will never wet the bed again
and maybe you will stop overeating too#no can do baby
and now you would better run along sweetheart#(chokedup) goodbye
int simpson house  living room  day)#woohoo i am dry (thrilled) come on everybody feel daddy's underpants
we will take your word for it#so what do i do again ?
spin the top if it falls over we are in reality if it spins forever we are still in a dream#all right
all right#look at it go all right hey since it is a dream let's ride our bikes naked around town
is that hail coming down ?#it is just dream hail ow oh ow dream hail (repeated screams) hey there is a dream truck
it is just dream hail ow oh ow dream hail (repeated screams) hey there is a dream truck#(pained scream)
ext nuclear power plant  day  establishing)#(deep snoring noises)
int power plant  homer's work station  continuous)#(snoring/mild dreaming noises)
int power plant  continuous)#(snores then choking on paperclip noise)
(worried) think he is okay ?#(very raspy) thank you
oh yeah you do not wanna go to the hospital at five o'clock on a friday#woo hoo thank god it is tgif
(normal unaccented voice) some casual friday this is#you are outta here drugo
and do not forget federal law mandates that we consider alcohol a drug#(massive annoyed grunt)
(happily) homie you are home early#well i did not really feel like going to moe's today thought i might hang out here for as long as i can take it
company physical coming up huh ?#yeah but a weekend without drinking is no big deal i did it when i was in that alcoholinduced coma
yeah but a weekend without drinking is no big deal i did it when i was in that alcoholinduced coma#so what is on the agenda ?
well we are having brunch with my sisters#(anguished noise)
you are hosting my preteen braves meeting#(anguished noise)
and we are gonna make dreamcatchers out of litter we pick up#(bigger anguished noise)
you promised to help me write a haiku#why did i do that ? / it sounds so dull and boring / what was i thinking ?
(finishing writing this down) thank you#(puzzled noise)
and you and i were going to study the municipal voter's guide#what the(quickly reading) section 1 of article 21 of the state constitution is amended to read section 1 in the year following the year in which the national census is taken under the direction of congress at the beginning of each decade the legislature shall adjust the boundary lines of congressional state senate and assembly districts (loud long moan) liquor mustn't think of liquor
int restaurant  continuous)#(upbeat) so a sober weekend has not been that hard let me just take a few antidepressants here
(upbeat) so a sober weekend has not been that hard let me just take a few antidepressants here#(shotgunning noise then haughty) i feel sorry for people without willpower i truly do
(walks up upset) homie what are you drinking ?#a surprisingly nothorrible fruit drink called a mimosa
there is champagne in those#(shrieks) then there is champagne in me (moans) what am i gonna do ? it is less than twentyfour hours till my drug test maybe i can sweat it out
(shrieks) then there is champagne in me (moans) what am i gonna do ? it is less than twentyfour hours till my drug test maybe i can sweat it out#(extremely exhausted noises) oh man i'd better have some coffee and iced tea
no irish and long island#what about this lemonade ?
mike's hard#then i'd better soak up the alcohol with some food (noticing) oooh cake
rum cake#crepes
suzette#cherries
cherries#(screams) jubilee
(pleased) wow passed with flying colors i have sure earned this#(praying soft desperation) oh lord i have once again besotted my liver with thy fermented gifts if you can weasel me out of this physical i will blow your mind by doing something incredibly holy at some point amen now to mumble in a religious fashion dear god oh lord oh god oh lord (prayer mumbles)
ladies and gentlemen meet the future masters of the human race#(shrieks) comicon nerds
sir i am afraid we do need to keep one human worker to sign for packages a scapegoat for meltdowns things that would be a waste of the robots' time#a must
(disgusted) so we need one meat sock on the payroll but who ?#mr burns before i leave i have got a few things to get off my chest one i liked the new microwave in the break room  just push "popcorn" you do not have to know how long two replacing us with robots is heartless and despicable three how about a farewell party with a caricature artist ? you know it is something both kids and adults can enjoy so to sum up nicelydone we hate you and food for thought
simpson wait as it turns out there is one job available but be forewarned it promises naught but soulcrushing boredom#(quick) does the chair go back like this ? (tilts back)
yes#woo hoo
(sighs)#(bitter) nice parking idiot
(bitter) nice parking idiot#so uh you guys are my new coworkers
so uh you guys are my new coworkers#(forced jocularity) so workin' hard or hardly workin' ? (chuckles)
(forced jocularity) so workin' hard or hardly workin' ? (chuckles)#i said workin' hard or hardly working ? (silence then getting more and more aggravated) working hard or hardly working ? working hard or hardly working ?
i said workin' hard or hardly working ? (silence then getting more and more aggravated) working hard or hardly working ? working hard or hardly working ?#(apoplectic) it is a simple question are you a working hard or b (getting shocked noise)
(getting shocked noise)#(woozy chuckle) i guess i just met the joker of the group better watch out for you on april fool's day am i right ? (rising anger) i said am i right ? am i r (shocked noise)
int moe's tavern  night)#so you guys have any luck finding a new job ?
homer show a little more sensitivity around these jobless washouts huh ?#hey i have gotta tell ya i am miserable there i am all alone and when there is some problem due to human error guess who gets blamed ?
the buyer clearly specified violin and bow#maybe i should be heading home
ext nuclear plant  day  establishing)#(singing) when the moon hits your eye / like a big pizza pie / that is amore / when the world seems (moans) when you do chair gondola all by yourself it almost seems stupid
int nuclear power plant  main floor  a little later)#ah here it is hydraulic systems flush eeprom bios autoboot (perking up) conversation mode ? they can talk ?
hydraulic systems flush eeprom bios autoboot (perking up) conversation mode ? they can talk ?#i just have to press this button right
i just have to press this button right#well at least it does not feel pain
well at least it does not feel pain#wait a minute (charles nelson reilly noise)
wait a minute (charles nelson reilly noise)#(cautious) "override selfdestruct protocol with authorization code (punching it in) seventwotwofive
ext nuclear plant  establishing  day)#so bart the little dickens is going through that phase where young boys think their dad's an idiot
(as he works) sounds like you are having family difficulties#(blown away) that is exactly what i am having you guys totally get me
(identical voice) we are programmed to respond to your verbal prompts#could you give my wife a few lessons ? (chuckles)
hmmm your laughter indicates you do not wish us to give your wife lessons#(chuckles) yeah so uh it is five o'clock time for moe's
five#let's go
automated workers are not able to leave the plant#what happened to you guys ? you used to be cool
we are the same temperature we have always been#(imitating mocking) we are the same temperature we have always been
ext baseball field  continuous)#play balll
play balll#(touches home then) okay i am up again
according to the online rules of baseball all players get a turn "at bat"#uh right right actually i am the designated hitter for all you guys
the designated hitter corrupts the purity of an otherwise elegant game illogical illogical#fine do not get your circuits in a bunch
circuitbunching has yielded important advances in modern robotics to wit#shut up shut up shut up
we will notify you if this game becomes meaningless#i got it
i got it#i got it
i got it#(annoyed) i said i have got it
liability optout button#(stunned) that could've been my motherboard lying in the street
(losing power) our primary directive is to preserve human life#(remorseful) and here i was waiting till you slept to rob you of your copper you know it is crazy but
homer move away from me you are still in the road#hush bionic prince as i cradle your waning form
hush bionic prince as i cradle your waning form#such a peaceful end
(highpitched whine)#aw jeez
ext simpson house  backyard  night)#(somber) axels to axels rust to rust amen
(holding up head) can i hollow out this one's head and use it as a turtle tank ?#no i am already using it to put my keys in
no i am already using it to put my keys in#now let me raise this beer to toast
now let me raise this beer to toast#(puzzled noise)
alcohol is harmful to humans#yeah yeah yeah yeah save your breath
we do vent nitrogen once a year you do not want to be around for that#(aggravated noise) i have some adjustments to make
(enters exasperated) homer when am i gettin' my power drill back ?#when i am done with my robobotomies
(nervous) uh homer i am afraid this is the part of god's perfect plan where you are murdered by robots#flanders i do not judge a robot by the color of their eyes i look at their hands which have turned into buzz saws
flanders i do not judge a robot by the color of their eyes i look at their hands which have turned into buzz saws#(incredibly pained noise) sonofa why did you do that ?
eliminate impediment eliminate#just say "kill me" jerks
(in window) dad they can only go three miles an hour#i am doomed can they climb stairs ?
(in window) with great difficulty#i am doomed
int mr burns' living room  night)#(winded) robots trying to kill me and now they will kill you 'cause i led them here
flee you fool#are not we getting numnums ?
ahh the solarium we will be safely cornered in this glass room with one door#(lunging noises)
stop brandishing me#sorry before we die can you tell me how old you really are ?
to servos with love#(touched) guys thank you the words "prime directive" get thrown around a lot these days but i am glad yours was saving me the saddest part is none of this had to happen if mr burns had simply trusted the human worker or if someone anyone had told me that robots were incapable of human feelings
i told you precisely that fact one thousand five hundred sixtytwo t#(chuckles) and his arm can be my backscratcher
(chuckles) and his arm can be my backscratcher#(anguished noise)
homer why have you reprogrammed me for this ?#i am giving you your wish to be a real boy
i am real and i do not have wishes#then take us out to sea
i am not a transformer i cannot turn into an outboard motor#oh i believe you but flanders' drill does not
(imitating motor noises)#oh this is the life
oh this is the life#hey
ext springfield mall  movie theater  day)#okay what is an appropriate movie for you boys ?
okay what is an appropriate movie for you boys ?#(reacting to individual movie posters) no no
(reacting to individual movie posters) no no#(reading marquee) ooo here's one "happy little elves two the sequelf" two kids
(aggravated) that movie's for babies#(shrugs) watch whatever you want  i got you here alive (chuckles) now i am gonna visit the only court i could never be in contempt of food court (chuckles)
food court (chuckles)#now to save on calories i will not eat the paper in the fortune cookie
now to save on calories i will not eat the paper in the fortune cookie#(mild exertion then heavy wheezing noises as he walks)
sir i can not help but noticing that you are very near death#(proudly) closer than you think
homer can i call you homer ?#sure what is your name ?
i am not required to tell you that homer how long do you want to live ?#(wistful) long enough that me and marge can be one of those couples who just sit and hold hands
cushioned track#ooh
hydration dock#gotta have that
builtin hd tv#lovin' it
dogwalk sidepath#keep 'em comin'
run you maggot faster you tub of lard#(gasps) it is programmed to my specifications
(gasps) it is programmed to my specifications#(moans) but i can not afford this
homer you can not afford three hundred dollars a month ?#(sadly) no
well what about ten dollars a day ?#(exuberant) easy
(very shaken) why did i see that movie the day before i have to clean the crawlspace ?#(waving across mall) c'mon boy we have gotta go home i saved big bucks on the delivery charges
(waving across mall) c'mon boy we have gotta go home i saved big bucks on the delivery charges#(muffled annoyed grunt)
(nervous) yeah#(satisfied) ahhh does not get any better than this
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#huh that is weird my armpits are gettin' wet
wow the tv's hooked up to the internet you can stream whole seasons of old tv shows#hmm (scans through menus very quickly)
hmm (scans through menus very quickly)#seen it
seen it#seen it
seen it#seen it
seen it#british version was better
british version was better#totally scripted
totally scripted#sued it
sued it#(curious) "stranded ?" what is that ?
"stranded" was a show about people marooned on a mysterious island that is riddled with religious and scientific paradoxes it was huge (beat) well the first season and the last season#well islands are always entertaining from gilligan to iwo jima
well islands are always entertaining from gilligan to iwo jima#(shrieks) a plane crash
int basement  day)#(alarmed) wait a minute that flashback raised more questions than it answered ?
(terrified) where are we ? ?#what a great opening episode and i am sure everything they said will pay off handsomely
(anguished) i am just not ready for cookies#you know i should get back to the treadmill
you know i should get back to the treadmill#(chuckles)
(doppler) i might be back#(gasp) the lava being that is why they showed a clip of it on "previously on"
(angry) you are using your expensive new treadmill just to watch a show that went off the air five years ago ? and when i wanted to watch it with you then you said it was pretentious and repetitive#(crazed) marge there're so many mysteries that i need to have solved
oh my god it is just like dad's#now if the korean couple can not speak english why were they doing a crossword puzzle where the answer to twentythree down was "enigma" spelled backwards ? what does it mean ?
it means use the treadmill for running or take it back#and where will i watch tv ?
on the tv#and where will i walk ?
on the ground#and where
this is the stupidest fight ever#(defiant) we have had stupider
int simpson house  basement  day)#(excited beyond belief) at last this episode promises to finally answer one question (noises of anticipation)
(excited beyond belief) at last this episode promises to finally answer one question (noises of anticipation)#homie
homie#(startled noise)
(startled noise)#(suggestive) the kids are away and maggie's napping
(suggestive) the kids are away and maggie's napping#ooh that is great can it wait another hundred and four hours ?
ooh that is great can it wait another hundred and four hours ?#she walked away and slammed the door (anguished) what does it mean ? what does it mean ?
it means i am mad#oh that is such a firsttake answer
ext simpson house  early evening  establishing)#thank you all for coming to my "stranded" discussion group
hey i loved that show wasn't it awesome when colonel darkwater#spoiler alert i have only seen up to season three episode seventeen "coconut cream die"
so you do not know that season five was a complete wank#(blasts air horn) spoiler
homer calm down it is not like any of this stuff really took place#(blasts air horn) spoiler
homer for god sakes i am trying to put maggie to sleep#i am sorry sweetie (baby talk) it is just a strandie discussion group yes it is we discuss why airplane go crashcrash but people do not diedie
(angry) you wanna know what happens on your stupid show ? firstly the "mysterious island" is fifteen miles from long beach also doorway three led to hell despite the series creators' repeated insistence it did not lead to hell and the entire strandedverse is a piece of gravel in a cosmic kitty litter box#(stunned) thanks marge you ruined my show (very sad) now i am going to give you a spoiler about our marriage it is not great right now
(ominous) so i am a moron am i ?#(hums become chokedoff noise of alarm)
ext simpson house  night  establishing scene 12)#(muttering) lousy marge ruining the delicate relationship between a man and his tv show i'd tell my best friend but that is marge too
(flirty) homie come in the bedroom#(gasp of joy)
care to join me in a private "last episode party" ?#well
it is okay dad he is just putting the fear of god in me#okay but if this house starts arockin' do not come aknockin'
(eyes glowing red) purrplexing is not it ?#(annoyed grunt)
(apologetic murmur) i am sorry sweetie maybe we could afford a vacation if some big shot did not pick up the tab for his buddies at "mr steak"#again with "mr steak" do you know why i go to mr steak ? because at mr steak they do not get mad at me for spending a lot of money at mr steak
well of course they do not#why do not you talk to mrs steak ?
face it we are just kids we can not afford stuff with zeroes in the prices all we have in the world are the things our parents give us#bart there is a really mean squirrel in the back yard i need you to dare me to fight him
bart there is a really mean squirrel in the back yard i need you to dare me to fight him#(surprised noise) bart's been raptured and his crap's been craptured
i can not i sold my "dinner futures"#nice doin' business with you boy (chuckles)
and dad donated something too#what happened to my minipool table ? i was training to be a minipool hustler
we sold it to pay for a family cruise#(sad) i never even got to realize this jacket was too small
it is weird to hear myself saying this but i love you guys this is gonna be the best vacation ever#(flirty chuckle) oh marge (chuckles and kissing noises) your names
(flirty chuckle) oh marge (chuckles and kissing noises) your names#yeah for you kids maybe for dads a family vacation is a twentyfourhouraday babysitting job "are you wearing enough sun block ?" "is that splashing or drowning ?"
yeah for you kids maybe for dads a family vacation is a twentyfourhouraday babysitting job "are you wearing enough sun block ?" "is that splashing or drowning ?"#"why does every sand castle require my participation ?"
"why does every sand castle require my participation ?"#then a kid disappears and it is total panic until you find him at the swimup bar
ext highway  day  later)#eating a thirtydollar cheeseburger which he drops in the water
ext port  later)#and here's the worst part i never get any time alone with my wife because we are all sleeping in the same room
homer this is bad for you too#(conga chant) worth it to be riight worth it to be riight (more conga chanting)
double upgrade#(cheer)
homie we actually have the cabin all to ourselves#(realizing) sex on a family vacation ? i never thought such a thing was possible
(realizing) sex on a family vacation ? i never thought such a thing was possible#and the ocean'll do all of the work
(pgrated ecstasy) woowoowoowoo#ocean sex rules go to hell land sex
ghana or portugal ?#boy thanks to you we are having fun  "before you were born" fun
where did the ship stop again ?#(shrugs) i'unno lotta barefoot kids kicking soccer balls shell necklaces they really hid the poverty nicely
so remember rule number one is "always have fun" because fun is the only thing that will keep us alive fun#worthless worthless worthless
what a load of crap#can i put my hand through you ?
bart we are too worried to enjoy each other's mouths#yeah and the customer service on this cruise has really gone downhill
uhhhhh gotta go#(excited) man i kicked butt in the gladiator arena today i won the last package of hot dogs on the ship (sadly) i got robbed by marauders on the way home
after this i will be lucky to get work on a clothingoptional jimmy buffett cruise#what about the dutyfree stuff we bought ?
"never have fun"#my booze and cologne
(closed mouth touched noise)#choke on my numb blue hands
well sure life is full of pain and drudgery but the trick is to enjoy the few perfect experiences we are given in the moment#yeah stupid stop thinking about fun and have it
(scared noises becoming happy whoops)#hey wait for me
ext sky  day)#now that is what i call going for a spin
now that is what i call going for a spin#now that is what i call a snappy retort
int movie theater  continuous)#he turned that russian guy into swiss cheese
that is my hobby this is my job#looks like that guy's got turret's syndrome
int homer's car  continuous)#(long chuckle) swiss cheese marge how come you are not saying anything ?
there was enough talking during the movie this date night was even worse than the date night we saw "date night"#oh man marge is pissed look at her flaring her nostrils drumming her fingers making small noises like she is yelling at me inside her head
just take me home#(quipping) that is what she said
boy homer i gotta say marge looked pretty easy on the eyes last night and i know eyeease#(mopey) yeah
uhoh trouble in paradise ?#no just my marriage
(worried "oohs")#(sad) honey it is me again i can not work knowing that you are mad at me i just wanna hear your voice and i am counting the minutes till the whistle blows then i go to moe's then i rush home to you
enough of your doubletalk#(desperate bodyenglish/skiing noises screams then lands with a "thud" noise)
fine (to homer) eight weeks off (menacing) with pay#(shrieks)
that is a good thing#but you said it so mean
ext simpson house  evening)#(chuckles) eight weeks paid vacation and all because of a little bump on the noggin
(chuckles) eight weeks paid vacation and all because of a little bump on the noggin#hey marge here's something that'll make you happy
(grumpy) not in the mood#no this is really good i
nelson took my lunch money again#now listen lisa
no one will tell me if i am a ghost or not#well i just got
got what homer ?#uh (thinks then) i got shelbyville radio in my car for a few minutes
(unimpressed noise) homer i am a single mother trying to raise a family here#but you are not
just zip it#(quietly) i have eight weeks paid vacation and my family does not know
woo hoo#(very upbeat) honey i am off to work
(perfunctory kiss)#you know maybe i should call in sick we could visit all our old romantic haunts that have closed and turned into temporary halloween stores
(stressed) i have to take maggie for her checkup and a guy's coming to see what the smell is under the house#i get it you need your marge time (sighs) well i am off to work
i get it you need your marge time (sighs) well i am off to work#(giggles)
(giggles)#(sadly) my feet hurt and my neck is cold
ext springfield street  day)#man when you are not at work you see so many beautiful things
(snores out)#and now because it is afternoon i can go to moe's without having a (air quotes) "drinking problem" (chuckles)
hey homer i could hear your pathetic rationalizing through the door#well why can not i hang out at the bar all day ? my wife does not wanna be with me
ext caribbean beach  evening)#i wish i could pull down my zipper and that guy would come out
stranger things have happened homer#(totally shocked noise then) stradivarius cain
(totally shocked noise then) stradivarius cain#what the ? am i losing my marbles ?
c'mon really ? show a little class#sorry (sips beer)
to make you into a man your wife can not resist#what the ? no one can see you
i must say whoever installed your car's secret weapons did a great job hiding them#yeah dr cain the thing about that is (ashamed) there are not any weapons
what ? well does your car at least turn into something else ?#(sheepish) sometimes marge says i turn it into a trashcan
(disapproving noise) homer you are going to clean up this car put on cologne and become a sparkling conversationalist#sounds like you are turning into wife number two
so stick with marge#(scared noise)
i want you to convince that woman to give herself to you body and soul#but i am a married man
yeah i know a married man is never attracted to a beautiful woman he does not even know but this will give you the confidence you need with marge#(glum) okay i will make a stranger love me forever
it does not matter what you say as long as you say it with confidence#my dear did you just fall from heaven ? 'cause your hair looks really messed up
okay it matters a little what you say moving on#you know what wood makes the best ventriloquist dummy maple (next woman) how many hardboiled eggs do you think i can eat ?
(aggravated) look just say this (whispers in homer's ear)#(listening noise then repeats what cain said with dramatic voice) when i was in special ops they held me in an afghan prison where all i could see was a patch of blue sky but that blue was nothing compared to the blue of your eyes
(steely) busy day at work ? did you get a lot of work done workerman ?#(sotto to cain) what do i do ? what do i do ?
take her by those shoulders she never covers and tell her the truth#(does so confident) you are right marge i lied
do not give me that load of (confused realizing noise)#i got a head injury at work and they gave me eight weeks paid vacation
head injury ? why did not you tell me ?#and i spent all that time learning how to be a better husband the kind of husband you deserve
ext springfield coast highway  evening)#the three of us are going to the most romantic restaurant in town
this car's so clean i am not getting flea bites on my ankles#(suave) i have bugbombed the car for m'lady
why is he trying to kill you and why did she call you her love ?#it was all a training exercise to make me smooth for you of course she fell for me and of course i wanted no part of her now the only one who can help us is stradivarius cain
the guy from the movie ?#i will explain later strad come back i know you are in there
i will explain later strad come back i know you are in there#no not you next big fan but no cleatus the football robot you are my only hope
no not you next big fan but no cleatus the football robot you are my only hope#no one likes you
how can a fat man hide so well ?#strad where are you ?
you can handle him homer just remember what i taught you#when i was in special ops they held me in an afghan prison where all i could see was a patch of blue sky but that blue was nothing compared with the blue of your eyes
then why did he say he'd call me when he comes to bolivia ?#we used to be like them
(romantic) so how many more weeks do you have off ?#actually i was supposed to be back last week (chuckles) we will just wait for the call from human resources
(panicked) i prepared right#well i better get going  this is startin' to feel a little churchy
why do we have to audition for this stupid play and dad gets to leave ?#i already have my part man who buys ticket but does not show up
also the passion play is not stupid it is the greatest story ever told#maybe it was once but now there is lots of better stories
"krusty versus the fda"#game six of the 2011 world series
"hitler mashups"#and lenny's story about cancun
jesus did not stammer his voice hit the back of the theater he was a god who turned water into wine and did not wear shoes#(highly intrigued noise)
he said simple things that many followed#just like me on twitter
just like me on twitter#(chuckles)
and he was tragically killed while still in his thirties#(annoyed grunt)
after an allnight dinner#woo hoo
woo hoo#i am your jesus me
well congratulations homer guess this is just my cross to bear#(puzzled) what is that a reference to ?
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#ooh nice and roomy our lord sure knew how to keep 'em cool
dad ?#yes sweetie ?
first of all congratulations on getting the lead#whee whee
i just hope you are gonna take this seriously#oh yes lisa very seriously (quietly) whee
dad the story of the passion is the cornerstone of the christian faith and although i personally follow the enlightened teachings of lord buddha messing with jesus really gets people mad  it is like wearing a florida state jersey to a florida game#(shocked gasp)
(shocked gasp)#oh lord why have you placed this fearsome burden on my shoulders ? (sob)
it will be fine just learn your lines#(worried) does jesus have a big part in this thing ?
he is in every scene#what ? (huge sobs) why do i succeed at everything i audition for ? (more sobs)
hoo boy (to homer) okay be straight with me  you can probably plead this down to crucifixion do you call yourself "king of the jews ?"#thou sayest it
crucify him#(dramatic) they cannot judge me (looks heavenward) only my father can judge me
crucify him#(furious) i will take you with me old man
(furious) i will take you with me old man#mmm historically inaccurate
jesus was handed a heavy cross and upon his brow was placed a crown#(to self not to audience) ooo
of thorns#(to self not to audience) what the ?
(anguished wails)#(kindly) daughters of jerusalem weep not for me but weep for yourselves
this man is totally the son of god#(dramatic impressive) tonight you shall be at my right hand in heaven
jesus cried again with a loud voice and yielded up his spirit#(noise of great anguish)
never again will i question#(doppler increasing falling noise) outta my way stupid flanders
hey dad you remember when you said if flanders got remarried you would eat your hat ?#uhoh
uhoh#ooo licorice
(sweetly) congratulations you two we are so so happy for you#welcome to marriage (rueful chuckle) another good man bites the dust
homer#i am talkin' about this guy
i am talkin' about this guy#i sure envy him
homer#i mean i envy flanders once again enjoying the joys of marriage let's put it to a vote america
yo homer mom says get your fat ass over to the flanders'#bart do not call me that
which one ? homer or fat ass ?#why you little they are both bad and i suspect you know it
ned edna we just want to apologize for the commotion in your room#people here do not respect boundaries
homer did you just buckle your belt through my loop ?#sorry
okay simpsons  well call me a cockeyed optimist 'cause i think some sort of celebration party might possibly be fun#great we will take care of everything we will just need to borrow your punch bowl seventeen chairs your portable dance floor your banner printer banner ink and a ream of blank banners
(rolls eyes) we have to live among them#(stunned noise)
(shakes head sadly) we have not taken in one car all day#you really put on a great reception marge it is like the happy flashback in a gritty cop thriller
why does that make him right ?#he took the time to press the shift key marge i think he knows what he is talking about
bart is there something you want to tell us ?#(genial) oh marge let the kid have his embarrassing secrets and lies
that is totally irresponsible parenting#not according to the internet
where on the internet ?#i am sure some idiot somewhere agrees with me
why would you believe him ?#because his avatar is darth maul the secondcoolest darth
because his avatar is darth maul the secondcoolest darth#and what he says is true because it is in all caps are you gonna argue with caps ?
ned i realized long ago there are some things homer and i will never completely agree on#(genial) yeah but we make sure never to go to bed hungry
it is angry#do not tell me what our thing is
it is about not agreeing on something#i have always said "hungry"
(doppler) i am keeping a dolphin in my bathtub#(furious) i thought i heard clicks and pops
now in our fiftieth location in springfield sleazy sam would like to welcome our special grand opening star jesus#welcome moneychangers you can trust sleazy sam for the best rates or my name is not jesus h
welcome moneychangers you can trust sleazy sam for the best rates or my name is not jesus h#(anguished noise then looking heavenward) are you gonna do that every time i open one of these ?
first base yo / i like christian rap / a bible on my lap#will you stop this stupid crap ? / i wanna take a nap
(worried murmur)#(sotto to bart re lisa) what is wrong with her ?
ext springfield  rail yards close to town)#where are they going with this ?
now sweetie do not make a big deal out of this i stopped reading after "top student"#you wanna honk your jazz tube ?
(sad murmur) what is the point ? i think this is the end of me all i had was my integrity and now that is gone (sobs) i am sorry i am so sorry i try not to cry till you are asleep#i appreciate that
(sobbing) look if i could just spend a few days in my room without anyone trying to cheer me up i think i might have a chance to#hey why do not we go see lady gaga ? that'll turn your frown upside down
it is not a frown it is a straight line of resignation looks just the same upside down#(intrigued) what are you talking about ? yyou are right
(intrigued) what are you talking about ? yyou are right#voop voop voop voop
dad if you really wanna help please stop trying to help#(kindly) i will but you know me and my crazy number thing where i always have to get to seventeen (quickly) voop voop voop voop voop voop voop voop voop voop whoops i lost count better start again voop voop voop voop
(chanting) gagaramama gagaramama#hey lisa come on
it is just human contact#(very out of breath) no
int simpsons master bedroom  night)#wow wow this is like the night hillary won the new hampshire primary
stop it homer some of that meat is me#can i just trim the hem ?
ext simpson house  early evening  establishing)#okay lisa comin' up to make things better
okay lisa comin' up to make things better#okay i am almost there upward ever upward stay hydrated (moans) i am on the wrong tree okay try again here we go okay (moans)
okay i am almost there upward ever upward stay hydrated (moans) i am on the wrong tree okay try again here we go okay (moans)#lisa can you come down ?
ext treehouse  a little later)#sweetie i have been thinking now this all started because you used a fake name to defend yourself the problem's not that you were cheatingit is that you got caught
sweetie i have been thinking now this all started because you used a fake name to defend yourself the problem's not that you were cheatingit is that you got caught#i cheat on my diet but nobody knows 'cause the damage is on the inside and the first warning sign is sudden death so honey what do you say ?
dad thank you like always the fact that i could tune you out without fearing i'd miss out on something gave me the time to take stock and realize how ungrateful i have been which means i have got a train to catch#(chuckles) parenting it is the one job you always know you are doing right
making the poster#(sings) i love my homer face yeah that is what i said / right where it should be on the front of my head / stubble muzzle overbite two eyes that really bug / these are the components of my homerriffic mug / d'oh oooh d'oh oooh / i shave it close trim hairs from my nose / d'oh oooh d'oh oooh i clean my ears 'cause that is how i hears / i like my / i like my / i really like my homer face
int simpsons car  continuous)#(grim) wait for the gap wait for the gap
homer we can buy scotch tape tomorrow#there is the gap
(screams)#gap's too small
(concerned murmurs)#what is goin' on ?
oh man lisa's right  none of these relationships lasted very long (flips) three days one recess half a field trip why did i have to get so needy at the planetarium ?#boy if anyone needs me i will be taking a popcorn bath it is a thing i read about in a men's health magazine in a dream
dad can i ask you a question ? how did you ever get a woman like mom to stay with you ?#pfft look in the mirror unplanned miracle
is that the only reason ?#well i also keep things interesting
all right who took the microwave ?#(chuckles) you see ? (then noticing) hey what are you looking at ?
i'd better switch to the hard stuff#aw boy i feel for ya nobody likes to be rejected and it never gets easier until you can drink because then you can express your unfiltered feelings by drunk dialing
aw boy i feel for ya nobody likes to be rejected and it never gets easier until you can drink because then you can express your unfiltered feelings by drunk dialing#observe (picks up bart's krusty phone speaks like drunk person acting sober) hey it is me again he is there is not he ? well i hope this does not sound weird but i am inside your closet
um that is awesome but i think i will visit my exgirlfriends and prove they still like me#(a little drunk) hey it is me
(a little drunk) hey it is me#(into phone creepy) i was thinking about you it is your birthday in like three four months ? would it be weird if i threw you a party ?
bart that is sweet but we'd need airplane money hotel money#and five hundred dollars for yankee tickets which turn out to be bogus
well do not buy 'em#but they are playing the purple sox
old penn station and shea stadium#(shaking fist) lousy outdated relics boy do you remember what happened the last time we went to new york ?
(burt lancaster voice) keep your meathooks off my sister marge or my goons will do a softshoe on your solar plexus#(snappy  la tony curtis) you are dead jj get yourself buried
tough cookie huh ? well watch me take a bite out of you#i am about to go owl shooting and you just said "who"
that is some lip ya got on ya how'd you like me to stretch it like a rubber band and snap ya into last week ?#you are sellin' milk jj and i have got a sour stomach
(dubious) homer that sounds like "the sweet smell of success"#(sad) it did not feel like success
we are safe because you have to climb steps to get up here#son you can dial down the crazy your mother and i talked about it and we found a way to get to new york it is all set boy to save money we are swapping houses
but do not the people wreck your house when they stay in it ?#i did not say i swapped our house
ext times square  day)#look at this place things have certainly changed since our ancestor fievel came here
fievel was a mouse in a movie#(proudly) yes and now look at us only in america
(gruff middle eastern accent) khlav kalash get your khlav kalash#oh geez not this guy with his stupid little pushcart
can not dad take bart while we seek out culture ?#you do that
you do that#(to cowboy loud whisper) do you know you are missing your clothes ?
int subway car  continuous)#all right i will spring for a cab
int taxicab  later)#much better
hey#(covering) ohohoh oh thank god you woke up
(dejected sigh) i guess my search for true love is doomed#you have learned a very valuable life lesson boy which is that love does not exist except briefly between a man and a woman before marriage after that it is just hanging out with someone who kind of hates you but you can not get it together to leave (kindly) i will get us some ice cream
(slightly abashed) yeah plus i thought i might get to see an air conditioner fall on someone's head but i guess that never really happens#(annoyed grunt)
keep my secret#(furious) why you little where is that ice cream ?
just once i'd like your father to be on a jumbotron for something good#damn you and your fluted neck
(sympathetic) can not move ?#i thought there was no crime in new york any more (shakes fist) giulianiii
(to homer and cletus) um i have gotta go#go where ?
i can not#(threatening) boy you squeal like a piggy for the hillbilly man
thanks a lot liser#("not quite finished" noise)
thanks man#aw look at that  my little guy's finally realizing how complicated grownup feelings can be
well at least it did not end as bad as "romeo and juliet"#heh no kidding i saw your reviews
(mad) hey i specifically said no critics this is outrageous (reading) ooh but they like me#i hope you enjoyed the show tonight and if you are worried about when the air conditioner fell on my head rest assured it was a stunt man and his family is being well taken care of
the best submission will be animated and appear on the show#(loud whisper) do we screw them on the credit ?
(grumbles)#at least the pennant works both ways
int simpson house  basement  a little later)#lisa do you have a stray dog down there ?
um it is a lot worse than a stray dog#(horrified) two stray dogs ?
it is a black hole#that was gonna be my next guess
are you sure your next guess wasn't "three stray dogs ?"#(beat) maybe
int basement  a little later)#(excited) a black hole ? (loud whisper) i am sorry can we call it that ?
yes it is the preferred term and most scientists believe that what enters a black hole never comes out but some think they may be a gateway to other universes#hey can it open a pretzel bag for me ? help a brother out bh
hey can it open a pretzel bag for me ? help a brother out bh#woo hoo
woo hoo#(annoyed grunt)
guys stop throwing things in the hole  the more you throw in the bigger and more dangerous it becomes#(to lisa) come on you can not look at that infinitely dense little guy and not want to feed it something
dad do not pat it#why should (shrieks)
(chuckles)#(furious) why you little
(furious) why you little#(booming) i am nature's perfect choking machine
dad that is creepy#sorry
the black hole is looking a lot bigger does anybody want to admit to throwing things in ?#nope / not me / do we even still have that thing ?
now what ?#okay it is possible that someone may have started a business called "magic craphole waste removal" but it wasn't me
(worshipful) zune zune zune#treasures ? gifts ? you got it all wrong that stuff is just our old
int simpson house  foyer  day)#day one
day one#we have bought this camera because strange things have been going on at our house in the dead of night
we have bought this camera because strange things have been going on at our house in the dead of night#and if anyone finds this footage after we are all missing or dead remember me as a hero
you tossed your car keys in my bean plant (pulls out keys)#(dramatic) a hero
homer is that my camera ?#hero away
int master bedroom  night)#night one wanna snuggle ?
not with the camera on (turns page)#(sneaky) i turned it off
(looks up) looks like the red light's on#i swear i am not filming
i swear i am not filming#(loud whisper) note to self edit out my lies
int simpson house  master bedroom  later that night)#(scared "waking up" screams)
(scared "waking up" screams)#wait do not kill the monster without me
(scream)#i am right behind you honey (shocked) we have stairs ? (adlib painful tumbling down stairs noise)
i am right behind you honey (shocked) we have stairs ? (adlib painful tumbling down stairs noise)#what the ?
i do not know i do not know i am sure i do not know#oh sweetie sometimes a mysterious invisible being from hell waits for a family to go to sleep then kills them now go to bed
but#(firmly) eheh school night
(firmly) eheh school night#now you are sure i bought enough cameras and extended warranties to catch that ghost ?
(wiseguy) sir whatever happens in this house these cameras will pick it up#ooh i can not wait for tonight's massacre
ooh i can not wait for tonight's massacre#(casual) hey marge
(ominous growl)#(sexy) oh like what you see huh ?
(ominous growl)#i like it when you do not say words
not the favorite not the favorite#listen pal you seem like an honest guy
listen pal you seem like an honest guy#is there any other deal that you can accept ?
(beat) threeway#(a little intrigued) you me and marge ?
(snicker laugh)#(sighs) i guess it is one of those things a dad has to do
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#now before we start what is the safe word ?
cinnamon#ooh i like that now i'd like to try something new if you do not mind
(panicky) cinnamon / cinnamon / cinnamon#cinnamon
i am your unwanted son from the future who killed all your fun#(smitten desperate) would you go to the prom with me ?
homie the faucet is dripping#i will get right on it
homer when are you going to fix this faucet ?#(cheerful) i am on it
are you going to fix the faucet or not ?#for the third time this year yes
(tipsy precarious walking noises)#woo hoo
int marge's new car  day)#i gotta hand it to you marge you got the exact amount of car for our family room for two adults three kids and zero grampas
darn car will not start#let automobile von bismarck give it a try
let automobile von bismarck give it a try#well
sir the car is fine can i be straight with you ? as a mechanic i am not totally qualified to judge mental health#so you are not totally unqualified
i think the problem is in your wife's head there is a psychological reason why she hates this car#(moans) a reason ? what could it be ?
i am sorry but there is no diagnostic computer for the female mind#(impressed) wow an auto mechanic who tells the truth
(yugoslavian accent) i do not do laundry or kiss booboos#umm no thanks
ext evergreen terrace  that night)#(tentative) marge do you think maybe there is another reason you do not like this car ? um um a "feelings" reason ?
(skeptical/annoyed) what are you talking about ?#well maybe you and the car got off on the wrong foot when do you think things first went wrong ?
(humoring him) all right i remember we all got in and by the way that backseat is pretty tight for the kids i mean i do not know what we'd do if we had another baby (growing realization) with this car we are basically saying no more babies#no no marge i want you to explore your feelings
homer the reason i hate this car is i think i want another baby#an "on purpose" baby ?
(sweetly) homie i want another baby#what about you know "stinky" ?
maggie's not a baby her soft spot's been skulled over for the last three months (sweetly) being a mom is who i am and i am not done being who i am#(whistles)
(whistles)#(whistles)
(whistles)#(playing it cool) whatever you want sweetie
homer why do you take a three second pause before you answer what i say ?#(two second pause) just appreciating (two second pause) how lucky (two second pause) i am to be (two second pause) with (two second pause) you
(shyly) my husband and i have been snuggling six ways from sunday#and let me tell you a towel rack will not support your weight
(chuckles grim) take a look at this#(gravely) x's for eyes
(sadly) i guess that is that then#honey i am so sorry i guess we will just have to learn to love the three children we have
ext simpson house  backyard  treehouse  establishing)#(getting idea noise) hey uh hm why do not we take the longer but nicer historic route ? then today will be nothing but beautiful memories
is everything okay over here ?#sorry guys private family moment
(nods) yeah that is why i wrap my plums in tin foil every day#(philosophic) eh nothing we can do
(stunned) you never told me about that#(admitting) it is true that is how i got the money to buy you your necklace
awww (then) eww (realizing) homie we still have a chance#i uh hope it is twins
i uh hope it is twins#(shrieks)
ext car  continuous)#watch it
(seeing something) ooh a christmas ornament museum can we stop ?#(mock warning) okay but just for a minute we want to hit the candle store fudgerama the zipper hall of fame snow globe world and the taj meatball
(small disappointed noise) i can not believe we spent the whole day here#(secretly pleased chuckles) and i got to try every flavor of candy cane white and red
(kissing noises) ooh homie you have lost weight#what is that baby ?
(weirdedout noise)#i will take it from here wingman
(smitten) it sure was nice to have a day together as a couple#(drowsy) yeah no kids to ruin it
(suddenly stern) i thought the whole point of this trip was to have another baby#marge i was just being a good husband by pretending to agree with you while secretly undermining your agenda
so you do not want another baby ? how long have you felt this way ?#uh well looking back i guess it started sometime before bart was born
uh well looking back i guess it started sometime before bart was born#(sad) room for one please
int marge's hatchback  continuous)#honey i am sorry it is just that we have a hard enough time handling three kids
honey i am sorry it is just that we have a hard enough time handling three kids#emotionally financially the boy i just did not know how to tell you
just yell across the house like you do everything else#okay good we are talking
we are not talking#your phone just dialed me
you were pocketdialed#hey the pocket wants what it wants
ext rest stop  a little later)#(attempting conversation) they just leave the maple syrup on the table huh ? how about that ? that is trust huh ?
ext shelbyville  street  later that day)#(worried) uhoh i do not think i rewound the video the last time i was here
int fertility clinic  moments later)#um i'd like to get back a donation made fifteen years ago by a simpson homer or it may be under the name thad supersperm
homer homer this is the point where i really have to know what you want#i will tell you what i want marge i want to make another simpson the table with four legs is sturdier than the table with three cubes are made of cheese but pyramids are schemes and anything that is half you is guaranteed fifty percent perfect
nice speech but the last of your sample was just selected by another couple#are you sure there is not more ? i mean there is always a little ketchup left in the bottle
(shocked noise)#i'd like to buy back my sample
(quickly) here it is yours we do not need it#well i expected a little argument
no no no look in the mirror that is your argument#(feelings hurt) geez i mean i am no luis guzman but i am all right
homer ? how many samples did you sell ?#um remember that corvette i had ?
i thought they only paid fifty dollars a trip#(scream of pain) this is the worst pain imaginable (eats onion ring scream of pain)
(scream of pain) this is the worst pain imaginable (eats onion ring scream of pain)#(walking up) exactly well we are all set let's make a thad supersperm junior with a name like that he could be president
homie maybe we should wait#(very surprised noise)
maybe there is enough homer in the world for now#(genuinely disappointed) but i was really looking forward to
(genuinely disappointed) but i was really looking forward to#(reaction noise then) you are right marge i do not wanna bring more kids into a world full of my kids (disgusted noise)
ext drivein theater  night)#two adults please
enjoy the film you two#(chuckles) another thing that would be harder with four kids
you know i always send the theater manager a check the next day#(annoyed grunt)
ext gulp 'n' blow  drivethrough  day)#pushy sign do not tell me what to try
homer dr hibbert told you to eat healthier#(lying) i do not recall that
i paid him to build a shed where is my shed bernice ?#(loud whisper) one onion rings please
you got any scented candles ?#(incredibly pained scream)
int homer's car  continuous)#(calmly) this one's cold
(latino) mr simpson your injury was no accidnte it was neglignce#(emotional) my burns have affected our (whispered) intimacy (normal) because all night i talk about how much money i am going to make from the lawsuit
they have healed much too quickly sit still while i give your head the "third degree"#(screams) oh god it hurts worse than the burns
so uh what are you gonna do with the money homer ?#well thought bubble marge said we should put it in a college fund for lisa
so where is the money now ?#i put it in the bank that place is great on their wall they had a photo with an old couple walking on the beach with their pants rolled up
yeah when you give the bank your money they lend it to other people i saw a sesame street about it kermit was wearing his trench coat and everything#wait the frog in the trench coat is kermit too ?
all the frogs on that show are kermit keeps all the other frog actors out of work#that settles it no banks for me
i will tell you where you should put your money the one safe place left in this world of woe#what the ? i am not gonna gamble with my daughter's future
nah you do not have to bet the money the poker website just keeps it nice and safe where the fdic can not get its grubby little hands on it#a poker site is now safer than an american bank has our nation built on people suing because their onion rings were too hot come to this ?
int simpson house  dining room  day)#(typing) open file click andinvested (calling out) hey lisa check out your college fund
(entering) you put my college fund on a poker site ?#it is a classy operation see the little dealer's wearing a bowtie cute
well (excited) at least i have a college fund#(upbeat) on a poker site
more importantly it is a college fund#(more upbeat) on a poker site
dad please#sorry check out my new tshirt
(sighs) where'd you get that shirt ?#i have had it for a long time i was just about to throw it out and then this happened
i have had it for a long time i was just about to throw it out and then this happened#that is one way to avoid drunk driving
another way is do not drink#i am not superman
homie do you know what yesterday was ?#ha of course i do (thinks then searching) happy anni birth entine shark week ?
yesterday's the day we were supposed to visit grampa#what the ? stupid calendar (to calendar) first you put the fourth of july on sunday and now this (mad) ooh we are gonna discuss this later
ext springfield streets  day)#okay remember the plan apologize to grampa then when he wants us to take him out to lunch point to the leftovers tell him we already did but he forgot
i still feel guilty your father's not going to be around forever#marge you take that back
fine he will be around forever#you take that back
you take that back#(sighs) we are here to see abe simpson
i am very sorry to tell you your father is missing#missing ? what kind of a prison are you people running here ?
there is gotta be a clue in here somewhere spats sock garters the world's hardest hard candy#oh it is hopeless this room is like a museum of meaningless old crap by which i mean every museum
grampa's army footlocker (opening it) i bet the most important things in the world to him are in this box#so precious
so precious#look at that a man's whole life being kicked around on the floor
the place that changed my life ?#flimsy lead take me away
ext spiro's  day  establishing)#excuse me have you seen this man ?
(in his face) we do not like questions man#(nervous phumphering) i am just trying to get information  like a nosey reporter or an undercover cop
what'd he say about a cop ?#(quickly) or a spy from a rival gang (terrified) hey what are you doin' ? (pained noises)
welcome to spiro's i am spiro not the spiro on the sign  that is my brother#(getting up) did you say my dad worked here ?
napas to thailo valka#wait a minute
wait a minute#my dad was an aspiring songwriter like charles manson ? i never knew that
got it (smoothly) papadapaconstantikasgianopolopodopotopolis#now what was that singer's name again ?
rita lafleur#rita lawhat ?
lafleur#one more time
i will write it down for you#thank you mr papadapaconstantikasgianopolopodopotopolis
(excited gasp) there is exactly one rita lafleur living in springfield#(excited) that is where we live
(shocked gasp) homer she is married to your dad#woo hoo i get two christmases
ext springfield street  day)#i can not believe my dad never told me he had another wife the man i looked up to my whole life
you never looked up to him#well it is a good thing i did not because i'd be pretty devastated right now
well we certainly do not want to cause you any more pain#but we need to know everything no matter how shameful and fast
but we need to know everything no matter how shameful and fast#well just what attracted you to my father ?
faster than you would think#i was alive when my dad knew you ?
i love men on the rebound they always think they have done something wrong and they usually come with furniture (happy noise)#(stunned) my dad had furniture ? i do not know him at all
we got married in the city hall across from the prettiest church you have ever seen then tragedy struck#(adult voice) hey i am startin' to remember why i do not remember so much
int rita's apartment  present day  continuous)#(touched) oh my god i never knew the sacrifices my father made move over fonzie i have got a new hero
i am sorry i could not help you find your father (sexy) if you find him tell him i can still do this yeah#holy moly
and tell him to put on a splash of this#that is dad's cologne ? i always thought it was his oldman stink
(wistful) when i knew him it was youngman musk#man you are making me hot for my dad
(nods) only place in town that still sells chicory mist after people found out it is ninetyeight percent squirrel sweat they sorta stopped buying#listen do you know this man ?
(bitterly) oh i know him he is a man who has no son#(exuberant) dad
abe we were so worried#dad promise me you will never wander off and make us explore your fascinating past again
i did not wander off ya big fat salami i ran away#(shocked) what ?
grampa we will never miss a visit again and there'll be a lot more of them#and i do not think you are boring it is just that in today's multichannel environment you have too many great choices look at sunday night there is like eight amazing shows none of them on fox
well when you put it that way all right i can not say all is forgiven but most is forgotten#aww
do not take grampa's meds#i am payin' for 'em
(sings) my heart does the twostep when you waltz in the place / yeah my ticker beats quicker when i look at your face / yeah you would better call the doctor before we embrace#(sagely) that is how wolves die in the wild
(pained noise) it is beautiful#the day my frisbee landed in your yard was the luckiest day of my life
int homer's car  driving)#he is a good boy
i know this music it was a bugs bunny#(unhappy) what i would not give for an anvil to fall on me
(unhappy) what i would not give for an anvil to fall on me#(annoyed grunt)
sh here comes lisa's solo#a perfect storm ?
(alarmed) lisa#(appalled) when i prayed for this concert to be over i did not mean like this
well well if it is not mr "work comes before bowling"#(to dan) i am turning my back because i can not stand to look you in the face
(to dan) i am turning my back because i can not stand to look you in the face#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#(angry noise)
(angry noise)#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#(angry noise)
(angry noise)#(shrieks)
(singsong) lisa eats buugs#bart this is america anyone can eat what they want as long as they eat too much
(tempting) lisa would you like some shrimp ?#come on buddy why would you want to be a murderer ?
(bursting with anxiety) he wants me to kill them#(scared scream)
sorry sorry first of all hi#(tentative) hi dan
secondly remember when you asked who i worked for and i would not say ? i am a mob boss i am running fat tony's gang while he is on jury duty#(chuckles) doodie
homer that is not the shocking part#oh ?
(whispers) he wants me to kill a bunch of guys i have got a gun look#(horrified) oh my god you want me to help you escape ?
no (beat) i want you to stop me from doing it#you wha ?
(crazed) i want to do it homer it is the ultimate business model#in my business i try not be seen i am scary good at it
everything's led to this i remember the first time i fired someone face to face i cried i cried (takes out a small tube) saved the tear#please stop i just wanted my frisbee back from your yard
they fired me for not being tough i had learned that in order to succeed you must disregard the dangerous distraction of being human and it brought me here you scratch a businessman and you get a coldblooded killer well i have been scratched#this is how i get out of doing the dishes
i hate that expression so overused#(nervous) okay i do not i do not know why i said it i was scared i needed a response it was a perfect storm
say something original#(babbles nonsense)
(babbles nonsense)#(continues babbling)
int simpson house  basement  afternoon)#my dad used to tie me up when the ice cream truck went by and now there is no amount of ice cream that'll make me feel full so this should work
yeah that is right tie 'em tighter mmm oh that is good oh that burns#could you please not sound like you like it so much ?
(quietly) sorry i am into a lot of weird stuff#now stay down here and i will be back every hour with food and every six hours with food for you
(terrified scream)#classic
(scream)#someone must be watching on another tv
i really think that is coming from our house#(peeved) will you stop saying things that'll make me have to do something ?
homer pay attention#that was four screams stupid afi boy never go into their director's training program
how 'bout the disney minority program ?#now how would you qualify for that ?
i am the son of an oaf#(scoffs) have fun getting coffee for roy disney the third
(scoffs) have fun getting coffee for roy disney the third#dinner time i know you are hungry i can hear you rubbing your legs together oh my god
dinner time i know you are hungry i can hear you rubbing your legs together oh my god#(somber) i never thought homer simpson would be a part of the day of the locust
now turn around and get on your knees#(kneels down scared) are you gonna shoot me in the back of the head ?
no i just know it takes you so long to get up i will have plenty of time to escape#(dramatic) i will fix that later
there is a great one but you will never get it outta me#on vacation he digs wells in darfur
(lowers volume) you think you are so smart alex trebek i remember when you were alphonse trebagoogoo#stop
ext luigi's  later that day)#dan
how do you keep finding me ?#you really should tweet less
you really should tweet less#huh ? what ?
but everyone deserves to know what i am thinking all the time#just listen if you kill those guys you will be as bad as they are
i do not think so they have killed a lot of people and they tell their wives they are working but they are really just hanging out#look just give me the gun before you hurt somebody give it to me
(lowers gun) aw i can not kill you#(gently) i knew you were weak
if you think i am so weak give me back the gun#you are weak but no
let's see how weak i am with the gun#no i do not want to
give me the gun#i do not want to see it
i do not want to see it#you are making me mad and i want i want to shoot you now / i do not have to see it
you are making me mad and i want i want to shoot you now / i do not have to see it#give it to me / i can imagine it / give me the gun /
give it to me / i can imagine it / give me the gun /#come on weakling get it from me
i am not you wanna i am not weak with the gun#yeah well yeah well see who is got it now
if i have a gun i am not weak at all#well you ain't so
the groundskeepers are trying to put on the tarp but it turned into a manta ray and stung 'em all now we will be right back after this word from oxygen which homer desperately needs to live#(coughing waking up splutters)
while you were out there daydreaming this rain has ruined the house#(big deep sigh) marge in a crisis like this i need time for quiet contemplation
what is wrong homer ? you have got an expression on your face i ain't never seen before like one of them charlie brown wigglefrowns#i am in an abusive relationship with life it keeps beating the hell out of me and i am too cowardly to leave it (sighs) maybe i could drink myself to death
ooh someone is down in the duff#(sad) life is too fragile one minute you are lying in your hammock drinkin' beer the next thing you know you are sittin' here drinkin' beer
(to duff girls) janette cheryl get your own ride home#aw come on chief i have had a rotten day can not you help me out ?
(motorcycle noises) um i am gonna need you to chip in for gas#(aggravated noise)
ext simpson house  early evening)#(sighs) now what ?
you are coming with us to the school fundraiser#can this day get any worse ?
the dog's got the mumps#dogs can not get mumps
the only thing we know is it will cost eight hundred dollars#(aggravated noise)
i bought you a ticket for the mypad raffle dad#aw that is tooth fairy money down the drain sweetie i never win anything it is always some stupid jerk you have never heard of
and the winner is#("get it over with") here it comes
homer simpson#(mad) get him (realizing) i mean woo hoo
(cheers)#i just want to say i was having the worst day of my life
(two cheers)#okay what else free tibet you heard me free him now thank you (holds up mypad) oh my luck has changed
greetings i am steve mobbs welcoming you from beyond the grave#(somber) i left a halfeaten apple outside your store the greatest tribute of all
(gently) submit submit#(scared noise)
submit#(scared) i do not wanna
(threatening) or you could buy something from hewlett packard#(terrified) i submit i submit (presses button)
(sinister) yes yes#(happy humming noises)
(pleased) that adult etchasketch certainly has brightened your mood#(ecstatic noise) oh yeah
(ecstatic noise) oh yeah#you can look at it this wayor this waywhether you want to or not and it is got awesome games like "tapped out"
you can look at it this wayor this waywhether you want to or not and it is got awesome games like "tapped out"#"virtual stapler"
"virtual stapler"#sounds just like a stapler and it never runs out unless you tell it to here's one that gives ya a cool '70s moustache
sounds just like a stapler and it never runs out unless you tell it to here's one that gives ya a cool '70s moustache#i am sonny bono watch out for that tree
(giggles)#so which do you prefer m'lady ? tom selleck rollie fingers or pringles man ?
i always thought the pringles man had the kindest eyes#(makeout / manipulating noises)
here ya go homer boy y'know when you are just here alone i can really smell ya#but i am not alone i am doing some face time with lenny
int simpson car  day)#(happy humming)
put that down we are being audited#the old stupid moustache will win him over
the old stupid moustache will win him over#(fake voice) i am really stupid
is that the mypad you are claiming as a business expense ?#(fake voice) i am standing by that
(translating) put down your mypad and get back to work#sorry boss
awesome#woo hoo
dad i am walking on my hands and the lions think they are gonna eat me#will you kids pipe down i am trying to get "churrochaser" to tell me where the freshest churros are (looks at mypad) what country is mexico in ?
dad pay attention to your children#(small moan) okay
(small moan) okay#aww that'll be my screensaver
aww that'll be my screensaver#(short shriek)
(calmly) just my arm#(short shriek)
(chuckles) gotcha#why you little
int smart tykes  lobby  day  later)#(scoffs) a paperbased readamajig ? what are we cavemen ?
(scoffs) a paperbased readamajig ? what are we cavemen ?#(terrified caveman noises)
(terrified caveman noises)#sweetie in the future all you will need is this
homie it looks like you are putting all your eggs in one basket#what would you have me do ? one basket for each egg ?
hm i guess you are right i guess i will have to scratch that off the list of things i say#now maggie let's find a good game for us (examines mypad) hm "krusty's kosher karnival""words with enemies""do not burn the toast" "lenny dykstra's prison break" ooh "pizza clock"
now maggie let's find a good game for us (examines mypad) hm "krusty's kosher karnival""words with enemies""do not burn the toast" "lenny dykstra's prison break" ooh "pizza clock"#(playing) dough sauce cheese topping dough sauce cheese topping (faster) dough sauce cheese topping (beat) having fun maggie ?
(playing) dough sauce cheese topping dough sauce cheese topping (faster) dough sauce cheese topping (beat) having fun maggie ?#(stunned) how long have i been playing ?
(stunned) how long have i been playing ?#dough sauce cheese topping
ext street  day)#(raspy) dough sauce cheese topping dough sauce cheese topping
(raspy) dough sauce cheese topping dough sauce cheese topping#(doppler) dohhh (quickly) sauce cheese topping
(doppler) dohhh (quickly) sauce cheese topping#flushy go get help
homer you are gonna be fine but there is no hope for the mypad#(sobs) it still had eightyeight percent of its charge
this is the part of the job i hate most talking to crazy people#which of you is the youtube of the kid high on dentist's gas ? is it you ? is it you ? (extremely chokedup almost a whisper) is it you ?
which of you is the youtube of the kid high on dentist's gas ? is it you ? is it you ? (extremely chokedup almost a whisper) is it you ?#oh lord when things looked darkest you gave me light then you switched it off knowing full well i had declined thy infernal mapple care please grant me the wisdom to understand your capricious nasty mind and please please make the next swing of the yoyo an up amen
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#(very sad sigh) everybody hear that ?
(walks up to window) homer homer it is a miracle#keep your pants on flanders
oh i will till i go to bed and take 'em off under the covers but come outside and see the miracle#(hopeful) has the mypad risen ?
here it is the holy ooze#this is your miracle ? a tree ? (gesticulating with fingers) ooh look at me i turn sunlight into complex sugars big whoop
look a little closer#huh "hope" is this one of those coincidences like jesus on a tortilla or george washington on a dollar bill ?
well i like that its message is in sap and not in blood like some miracles i could mention (coughs) passover#well this is how god would send me a message in my back yard hammock adjacent in one short word in large print what do you think he is trying to tell me flanders ?
do not eat the miracle#fine i will just go eat the body of god that is not crazy
huh looks like you are really turning somethin' over in your mind there homer#moe i could believe this was a random occurrence or i could believe some higher power reached down and squeezed the sap outta that tree i am choosin' hope moe a bottle of your finest beer
here you go duff adequate#to hope (drinks happily)
of all the gifts the lord gives us perhaps the greatest is hope#(slightly condescending) uh excuse me reverend but i am here to talk about something a little more important hope
int skinner's office  continuous)#(to congregation) hope is here people and it is real it is not just inside the house of god it is outside the house of me so come and see the sticky brown truth
(to congregation) hope is here people and it is real it is not just inside the house of god it is outside the house of me so come and see the sticky brown truth#hope is all around me
ext simpson house  backyard  later that day)#as promised the miracle
homie ? are not you going to come in ?#i do not know what to believe anymore maybe it is time to call satan (pulls out cell phone) is that a twoonetwo ?
do not call satan so what if the message wasn't a miracle ? the answer is not in syrup from god or a computer tablet the answer is that the hope you felt was real#(sweetly) marge up to now i thought your hair was blue cotton candy but now i know it is a solid loaf of brain
(flattered) homie you have such a way with foods (sweetly) let's go inside#who do you think painted the word on the tree ?
no idea the important thing is that they did#guess it must've been the person who knew i needed hope most of all
ext simpson house  that night)#(loud snore)
ext springfield  park  day)#bart stop it you might fall
what a lucky little boy to get a trip to the park with his grandpa#(bigger horrified realization) grampa ?
oh my god should i call an ambulance ? (calling) help an old man is dying#this boy's grandfather is a shriveledup corn cob begging for death i am his father i can not believe i allowed you to hit on me
this boy's grandfather is a shriveledup corn cob begging for death i am his father i can not believe i allowed you to hit on me#(to ducks exploding) beat it ducks i am not old enough to have food for you i am sexy young and sexy
int nuclear plant  homer's workstation  day)#(muttering) old man i am not an old man this drawing does not think i am old
(muttering) old man i am not an old man this drawing does not think i am old#do not you drawing ?
do not you drawing ?#(gasp) those are not our regular donuts they are huge with crazy toppings (reacts to passing donuts) gummy worms churro chunks russian nesting donut
(gasp) those are not our regular donuts they are huge with crazy toppings (reacts to passing donuts) gummy worms churro chunks russian nesting donut#gotta eat the rest
gotta eat the rest#(short scream) they are gone
(short scream) they are gone#where did these "devil donuts" come from ?
what about "thunderbags ?"#get lost pervs
get lost pervs#okay where did you get these donuts ?
nine one one what is your emergency ?#i am calling to report a missing donut cart
(mocking whiny) "but chief the power lines" (firm) go lower#(as the helicopter swoops) no no nothing nope
(as the helicopter swoops) no no nothing nope#(excited) i see devil horns
(excited) i see devil horns# pitchfork pointed tail hooves are cloven we have logo people we have logo
sorry gents we are fresh out i only make one batch a day and when they are gone i am done#(upset) no more donuts ?
tell you what i could give you a sneak preview of a new donut that is still in the r & d phase#(amazed) beer keg donut ?
(amazed) beer keg donut ?#i would be honored to shake the hand that glazed this
i am terence#(breathy) tell me everything about you
ext donut cart  later)#you are from portland ? i have heard of people being from there
yeah but portland just got too played out the city used to be real did you know there are now restaurants there with two locations ? (dismissive laugh) not near my kids#(quickly) wait a minute you have kids ? you can not have kids look at you
(quickly) wait a minute you have kids ? you can not have kids look at you#you have a fun job a skull ring and it is not halloween and your belt is a seatbelt
you have a fun job a skull ring and it is not halloween and your belt is a seatbelt#no one would ever think you are a lame old man
(shrugging noise) you can not let being a dad slow you down me and the fam are doing the whole "urban nomad" thing you know just looking for an undiscovered city with affordable houses#(gasps) our houses are the cheapest the one next to me's been on sale forever i see them lowering the price every morning when i go out to pee
(gasps) our houses are the cheapest the one next to me's been on sale forever i see them lowering the price every morning when i go out to pee#please please rush into this please rush into this
what a find underneath all the ugly renovations this house has neutra bones#(proudly) in my house we found human bones
thanks for turning us on to this place homer you are a pretty cool guy#really ? i am (flattered gasp) cool ? oh can i manhug you ?
sure#(sad confession) i do not know how
(sad confession) i do not know how#okay our first hangout with the cool new neighbors i have already "blown them away"  their words i assume  so do not screw it up
relax kids just be yourselves#great marge now that is in their heads
hey this is my armadillo chewy (explaining) "mexico" chewy not "star wars" chewy#(proud) "star wars" chewy's just a man in a costume so he is not scary
(unimpressed) neighbors i get it#"trex ?" even their names are cool this is umm (re maggie) ice cream (re bart) bungee jump and (re lisa) viral video
(hushed) homer i think we should go we are not like these people (shocked noise)#check out my new look
check out my new look#terence shaved my head
you are all bald#no i am young person "cool" bald not old person "sad" bald i never want to see these again
ext simpson house  backyard  day)#check it out flanders us cool dads are sharing a monoyard guess i can not be your best friend anymore
to be honest that comes as a tremendous relief#boo hoo hoo you can cry all night it is not gonna win me back
maybe we should not rush things with the new neighbors you know we might not all be a perfect match#i have a plan to deal with that step one change everything about ourselves until we are super cool the end
(bigger mean laughs)#honey i am not cool i was never cool i did not go to college every cd i have i bought at a carwash blackandwhite films make me angry i can not pronounce "artisanal" i only know david cross from the chipmunks movie not only do i like van halen but i think they keep getting better
(sympathetic murmur)#but if me and my kids do the same stuff as terence and his kids i could be a cool dad
well sweetie if it is that important to you i guess we can try#(kisses her) thanks baby here have a bracelet made of a seventies educational film strip
the kids are a mess you brought them home exhausted and pretentious#no we need to take kids to grownup stuff that is terence's parenting style
parenting should not have a style parenting is about bedtimes and passwords on computers and complicated punishments you never follow through on (noticing something) are you wearing a wallet chain ? you look like a barista#(defensive) well you will not be laughing when you see how many pickpockets this thing catches
and what is with the scarf ? it is soaked in neck sweat#wearing scarves in nonscarf weather is the essence of cool the essence
ext downtown springfield  abandoned factory  day)#oh man my goatee has barely come in why does my hair only grow in twos ?
oh man my goatee has barely come in why does my hair only grow in twos ?#(nervous) i hope trex likes the present i made him
made ? why did not you just buy him a toy ?#(sighs) homemade presents are how cool families demonstrate how awesome they are if i show up with a "toy" from the "store" like we would give "our kids" then i have failed and these skinny jeans will have flattened my junk for nothing
yeah this factory used to make blimp tires#trex loves decaying industrialscapes
your son attacked mine you have turned this former slaughterhouse into a place of violence#i thought it made blimp tires
it is time for you guys to leave#are we still on for midnight bike riding ?
feeling included is life's greatest joy#(big moan)
(big moan)#("you are dead") oh ohhhh boy oh oh oh oh boy oh boy
have you been "oh boy"ing all night ?#oooooooh booooyyyyy we had the family version of a bromance going with our awesome neighbors and you had to screw it up
look that kid threw your present in the garbage and he called you a poser and everyone laughed#he called me a poser ?
(genuine) yeah i was sticking up for you#you ? sticking up for your old man ? you have never done that before
also i did not want to tell you but that wife and her gang looked down on me because i do not breastfeed#what ? (growing angry) no one judges my wife's thunderbags well maybe i was wrong about these people who ever thought a cool person could be a jerk ?
what ? (growing angry) no one judges my wife's thunderbags well maybe i was wrong about these people who ever thought a cool person could be a jerk ?#they can ("go to") goatee hell
they can ("go to") goatee hell#yeah that is right the friendship between the simpsons and the whateveryourlastnameiseses is over
i want my moustache stencils back#fine keep 'em but you have to give back (searching then surprised) lisa ?
i just thought if we got together we could change the channel from "the feud network" to "comity central"#could we at least agree to both hate flanders ?
i like him he talks in rhyme and owns a whimsical store in a failing mall he is like the dad in a wes anderson movie#shut up with your names
well we were just questioning the parenting that led to bart not using his words with tyrannosaurus#parenting ? (huff noise) let me tell you "cool parents" something parents are supposed to be lame so their kids have something to rebel against by becoming cool just long enough to get married and have kids  for whom they are lame it is nature's way
yes but there is two sides to every#even flanders agrees this is our neighborhood we were here first so you should leave
we are not going anywhere (holds up mypad) our house just got written up in "dwell"#oh no it is true
ext lard lad donuts  day)#(grumbles) stupid town at least i have still got moe's although probably not seeing where this is going
int moe's  continuous)#(gasps) what happened here ?
ext simpson house  day)#oh marge it is bad
gray sky) somehow they have even made the weather rainier#i brought these people to springfield and now they have taken over
i brought these people to springfield and now they have taken over#it is a hellhole
(robotic voice) disco stu has found a new thing#what happened to our town ? everybody wears clothes from the past and uses computers from the future
ext springfield town square  block party  continuous)#okay you win we do not have to be friends but can we live on the fringes of your world ? like those eels that eat whale poop ?
ext evergreen terrace  back to scene)#your organic allnatural lifestyle has doomed us all
the net of scarves and wallet chains is holding#they are necessary they are necessary
they are necessary they are necessary#they are finally necessary
ext evergreen terrace  a little later)#i did it i did it i manhugged
i have labeled all his boxes#well i can not pick up something this heavy without my lifting belt
well i can not pick up something this heavy without my lifting belt#(agonized noise of pain)
you know you can not lift your lifting belt without wearing your beltliftingbelt#(stagey) oh no i will not be able to help you pack up grampa
fine just stay here and hold down the fort#hold down the fort ? with my bad back ?
(aggravated noise)#(chuckles) man that keyboard playing cat is so cute
(chuckles) man that keyboard playing cat is so cute#(reads) "villageville build your own authentic medieval village" i must have something better to do
(reads) "villageville build your own authentic medieval village" i must have something better to do#and calick
and calick#finally a woodcutter that will do what i tell him
finally a woodcutter that will do what i tell him#(excited) holy moley he is already made a clearing let's go for a glade
(excited) holy moley he is already made a clearing let's go for a glade#(chuckles) just call me deforest kelley i gotta write that down and send it to conan
(chuckles) just call me deforest kelley i gotta write that down and send it to conan#move this here tap mill mill barn silo (quickly) taverntaverntaverntaverntaverntavern (looks around nervously whispers) brothel (super excited) parsonage (theatrical) theater in the round (exhausted heavy breathing) and hay pile
move this here tap mill mill barn silo (quickly) taverntaverntaverntaverntaverntavern (looks around nervously whispers) brothel (super excited) parsonage (theatrical) theater in the round (exhausted heavy breathing) and hay pile#and the lord saw what he had made and it was good
ewww#that is right your lord sticks his hand in his pants and yes it is the same hand i tapped you with
that is right your lord sticks his hand in his pants and yes it is the same hand i tapped you with#well if i have learned anything it is that you can not have too much iron ore
maybe one of your tavern wenches can do the laundry#(shrieks) you are back
(annoyed) did you spend this whole time doing fake chores in a fake village ?#(defensive) it is real to them
um where is santa's little helper ?#(shrugs) i do not know  the back yard ?
i do not see him anywhere (to homer) you jackass you lost our dog#oh my god i forgot to feed my jackass
(braying "thank you") hankhew#(donkeylike) you are helcome
what the hell ?#oh right
the animal shelter has not had any greyhounds turned in just a dachshund a chow and a pregnant raccoon#a lot of good backups how pregnant is the raccoon ?
we do not want a raccoon#(loud whisper) good marge get their price down
hey lisa's right you are the only one who has not cried about the dog#not a crier
what ? you cry all the time you cried when they canceled that show you hated#goofing on it made me feel wise
(muffled dog whimper)#(sob turns to puzzled noise)
(thrilled) and he did not pee on the floor#(hummimg) prep prep prep
your father's an idjit#(snooty) i believe the word is idiote (ideeoat)
how did santa's little helper get in there ?#(remembering gasp) i know what must have happened
(remembering gasp) i know what must have happened#i am gonna get a snack but first should i introduce the black plague ? (thinks then decides) what could be the harm ?
i am gonna get a snack but first should i introduce the black plague ? (thinks then decides) what could be the harm ?#whoa now i have gotta buy a corpse wagon (rueful) that is how they getcha
whoa now i have gotta buy a corpse wagon (rueful) that is how they getcha#it is amazing how many things they can make taste like cheese
it is amazing how many things they can make taste like cheese#oh yeah baby i am drinking you down to your knees
oh yeah baby i am drinking you down to your knees#(sings) gonna drink ammonia / 'cause it tastes like cheese / wonder what will happen
(sings) gonna drink ammonia / 'cause it tastes like cheese / wonder what will happen#a minstrel has composed a roundelay mocking me ? (hits key repeatedly) torture torture torture
hey homer how come you are not hugging the dog ?#he knows i love him and he loves me
(very angry growl)#that is short for "rrright you are"
you never take him for walks or sleep with him in your arms and i suspect you have been chewing on his treats#how are they his treats if i paid for them ?
int simpson living room  present day)#(defensive) okay okay i will be nicer to the dude i have just never really been a dog person
really ? what about bongo ?#(shocked) bongo ? i told you never to ever talk about bongo (huge heaving sobs)
(shocked) bongo ? i told you never to ever talk about bongo (huge heaving sobs)#ever
bongo was homer's dog when he was a boy#(distant) he is still my dog
(sighs) we got him years ago#(distant) i do not know what you just said but it is wrong wrong wrong wrong
(sniffles) grampa why is the saddest story you ever told the only one that is ever made sense ?#(angry scoff) it does not make sense to me
(angry scoff) it does not make sense to me#i happen to remember it just a little differently
well tell us your version#(grimly) now granted i was just a kid but i say
(grimly) now granted i was just a kid but i say#everything's a flavor in the kitchens of today
(considering noise) well i guess i could always drop a horse on a church afterward fine#(spilling out kidlike) grampa always hated bongo and loved money so he sold bongo to a wicked farm witch just so he could hang out with a bunch of rich dogs and kidnapped santa so i'd never get the toy i actually wanted
(spilling out kidlike) grampa always hated bongo and loved money so he sold bongo to a wicked farm witch just so he could hang out with a bunch of rich dogs and kidnapped santa so i'd never get the toy i actually wanted#(childlike stammer) and then and then wha and then what happened what (runs out of steam) gee my story does not make much sense except the santa part
yeah but at least it was short#wait wait there is one part of the story even grampa did not know about a few months later i went to rescue bongo
(to bongo) hendrix c'mere boy#but there was one thing i wasn't prepared for
but there was one thing i wasn't prepared for#(devastated) bongo was happy without me he had become her dog
oh homie i am so sorry#(stoic) well that is just the way dogs are the most disloyal unfaithful creatures god ever made
a christmas card i got from miss viola years later#he still has my sweatshirt
(nods) bongo did not forget you unlike those gerbils of yours we gave away they were fickle as hell#oh my god dad i owe you an apology you saved bongo i never understood that till now
(sobs) all these years i thought you loved that dog more than me#(emotional) why would you think that just because i put you in a home where they feed you dog food ?
aw give me a hug son#okay but i am a little out of practice
hold your arms like you are carrying a wedding cake#what flavor ?
it does not matter#if it does not matter then i call snickers
c'mon boy time to go to bed#(half asleep) my dog
(moans) "learn zone ?" mom you said we were going someplace fun#yeah mom you promised
homer i told you do not call me "mom"#sorry mrs simpson
for maximum safety all children must wear antikidnapping bracelets#is this a kid you would pay ransom for ?
dad what would you do if you got my ear in the mail ?#(shrugs) feed it to the dog
you would have to wrap cheese around it#(mad) do not you tell me how to feed you to the dog
keep an eye on the kids homer#can not i keep an eye on that kid ? he is fabulous
bart and lisa#(moans) it is always my kids
(moans) it is always my kids#where'd they go ?
where'd they go ?#almost holy moley
almost holy moley#what the ? (moans) ooh it is hopeless
(walking up with bart) what is hopeless ?#who the hell are you ?
dad / come up / pretty please / come up#absolutely not my adult frame is simply too large no never fine here i come
int tunnel  continuous)#(pained) crawling so painful
int kids' structure type chamber  continuous)#duck walk infinitely worse
(gasping) only wanted to be fun#(gently) sh sh shhhhh soon you will know peace
int climbing structure  a little later)#i made it kids i am king of learnington castle
we tricked you / eat nerf homeboy#(slomo) real matuuure
int snack bar  day)#what cool kid thing's in here ?
get out of there you#never
never#(scream then) butter
(frenzied gorilla grunts)#apes deep down we are all savage apes leave your body homer
apes deep down we are all savage apes leave your body homer#what the hell was that ?
ext springfield town square  early morning)#well i have taken eight months off it is time to get back on the horse
three neds are better than one#(violent banging noises)
i hate to be a nag but this is my real head#(one last violent bang)
int moe's bar  later)#(sadly) i guess despite all our socalled civilization anarchy lurks around every corner like a raciallydiverse street gang on a network cop show
it means "without the rule of law" anarchy the end of civilization coming soon to an america near you#america can not collapse we are as powerful as ancient rome
the modern world an inexorable march of progress#sweet
(ominous) or is it ?#(short scream)
the man who is prepared#oh my god this unsourced undated video has convinced me beyond any doubt
homer meet the springfield preppers#preppies ? oh i hate you guys always partying on deck with your docksiders while us townies are scrubbing the bilge
not "preppies" "preppers" but i like your hatred#(proud) it is based on nothing
a burst of radiation that knocks out every electrical system in the country#i'd slash my wrists (alarmed) but how without my electric knife ?
there is an alternative to suicide#(thinks then) i can not conceive of any
we can teach you the skills you need to survive any crisis#(intrigued noise)
all we ask is that you keep your prepping secret we will not have room for all the unprepared#do not worry i am very good at keeping secrets
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#impending doom
(enters) whatcha reading dad ?#(short scream)
(short scream)#honey everything's fine there is nothing to worry about
(scared) when grownups say that it means there is something to worry about#just go play your saxophone (ominous) while you can
what does that mean ?#secrets ? i have no secrets just enjoy this golden time you will soon cling desperately to the memory of smell some bread
when things go south the "sheeple" will clean out every supermarket in town#(scoffs) typical sheeple
are you eating my grain ?#(mouth full) maybe
that was a fivepound bag#(sad) yeah but i will go home weigh myself and i will have gained six pounds what is that about ?
hey dad are we going camping ?#i guess an open garage is not the best hiding place
what is up ? going crazy again ?#i wish son the best way to explain this is to show you some ageinappropriate movies
i wish son the best way to explain this is to show you some ageinappropriate movies#so what have you learned so far from our postapocalyptic movie marathon ?
guys who call themselves "preacher" or "deacon" are very bad water is money unless gasoline is money and even though lots of things are razorsharp no one ever shaves#hollywood has taught you well my son (spooky) now let's push "play"
(chanting) fridgeratorrs fridgeratorrs#fridgeratorr
are not they just saying "refrigerator ?"#(gravely) do not question the wisdom of tom skerritt
here it is homer the springfield preppers' top secret bugout retreat#(impressed) wow your end of the world is better than my during the world
there is always one alarmist anyway when the four horsemen ride we want you and your collaterals right here with us#(touched) aw (thinks) uh listen i have gotta know you are not just being nice to me because in a pinch you could make candles from my fat ?
well that is a big part of it#it is okay i know what i am
i can not find all our cereal crackers juice boxes the butter brush#um a lot of that stuff must've got lost in the move
what move ? we have not moved what is going on ?#(frustrated noise) i want to tell you but i promised to keep it a secret
you can not have secrets from your wife#it is very late in the marriage to tell me that
it is very late in the marriage to tell me that#i have hidden all our supplies behind a fake wall
i thought the basement looked cleaner#see ? these are our bugout bags in here is everything we need to survive
survive what ?#(ominous) the looming kablooey
it is reassuring to see you are aware of the future but this is all a little creepy#(offended) creepy ? marge the apocalypse is coming maybe not tomorrow maybe never but it is coming and soon
i am going to bed#there is no handle on this side
there is no handle on this side#(rueful) the one thing i could not prepare for
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#marge this is it ("tayohtwahkey") teotwawki
(gasp) the end of the world as we know it ?#(nods) uhhuh where is the kids ?
lisa and maggie are downstairs and bart's in his room with milhouse#boy get in the car and say goodbye to your best friend forever
ext bugout location  evening)#this is my daughter she brings the gift of music to the new world
is that sax alto or baritone ?#baritone
(walks up) dad how are we supposed to spend the rest of our lives here ? we are already bored#here's something to pass the endless time write down which celebrities were rumored to be gay for future generations
yes sir#society will not have to start from square one
(frustrated murmur) homie i never thought we'd turn our backs on our loved ones at the first hint of trouble#marge when i started prepping for the end of the world everyone laughed at me
no one was laughing you kept it a secret#well just because i imagined it does not make it any less true and now all those people are on their own
how can you call yourself a christian ?#if jesus had a gun he'd be alive today
homer simpson when i fell in love with you it was because of your big heart and your good looks but some day those good looks are gonna fade#(incredibly shocked gasp)
(quietly to himself) boom#why do we have to shoot them at all ?
are you that good with a knife ?#no i want to help the people who did not prepare
(frustrated sigh) every time you wake us up early in the morning it is either church or we have to change our identities#do not be silly "mary ellen"
do not be silly "mary ellen"#now we are going to leave this place i am sorry bart  i know you have made a bugout camp girlfriend
i have got to be honest with you it was just a bag of rice i drew a face on#white rice or brown ?
good boy#so we will take these supplies back to springfield where they are needed most
you said you cut the wires to the alarm#hm i cut the wires to something
ext various country roads / int homer's car  night)#okay everybody keep your eyes peeled for an unlit mile post marked twentythree of thirtysix or something if we miss it we are dead
(scared) dad there are lights following us#how can that be ? i took every last can of gas
ext road  behind homer  continuous)#now everyone relax and pretend we are about to be hit by a soft brick wall (repeated hitting corn noises)
now everyone relax and pretend we are about to be hit by a soft brick wall (repeated hitting corn noises)#(heroic) out of our way corn the starving people of springfield are desperately in need of our delivery of canned corn corn flakes and flash frozen corn nibblets
(heroic) out of our way corn the starving people of springfield are desperately in need of our delivery of canned corn corn flakes and flash frozen corn nibblets#now to save these sorry souls from a life of anarchy starvation and having sex for (appalled) procreation
ext springfield town square  continuous)#(confused noise)
dad you said people would be drinking each other's blood#you got to watch a vhs copy of "red dawn" thirteen times stop complaining
ext simpson house  establishing  day)#we can keep the shrimp deveiner though right ?
and this goes too#good riddance when i found out shrimp cocktails had no alcohol i really lost interest
ext refuse pile  continuous)#goodbye my electrical friends i can not afford to use you so i am doing what any good american would do  throw you away
goodbye my electrical friends i can not afford to use you so i am doing what any good american would do  throw you away#parking meter ?
parking meter ?#(gasp) and it still works
(gasp) and it still works#this could come in handy (stopping himself noise) but let me check that list of things marge said never to bring home (checks list) dogs cats octopuses octopi octopuseseses (puts away list)
this could come in handy (stopping himself noise) but let me check that list of things marge said never to bring home (checks list) dogs cats octopuses octopi octopuseseses (puts away list)#parking meter you are workin' for me now
mannequin heads you are working for me now#lotta people at the dump today
ext springfield streets  day)#(sneaky chuckle)
well sir the lord would not have placed his meter there if he did not want me to park#(excited) this is the easiest money i have ever made lugging around a ninety pound parking meter
(excited) this is the easiest money i have ever made lugging around a ninety pound parking meter#(disguising voice) it is not that kind
(disguising voice) it is not that kind#all right now to drag the meter to the next idiot
all right now to drag the meter to the next idiot#oh god my back (then evil chuckle) suckers (then pained) my discs are grinding (then evil chuckle) easy money
(chuckle) thanks for the freedom of speech dorks#we are cool right boy ?
nothing a few george washingtons will not solve#now to sleep the sleep of the just
now to sleep the sleep of the just#(relieved noise)
int bus station  evening)#(chuckles) i am king of the bus station
you know what they do to parking meter thieves in prison ? they probably treat 'em pretty well but when you get out you are not eligible for jury duty which again sounds pretty good#(tossing quarter at wiggum) eat silver copper
(tossing quarter at wiggum) eat silver copper#(anguished noise)
(anguished noise)#stay with me man stay with me
stay with me man stay with me#(distraught) no no you are the first successful business i have ever run
a pillowcase full of quarters ? where did you get that money and what have you done with the pillows ?#the pillows are safe at my workstation as for the quarters well i am ashamed to tell you what i did
the pillows are safe at my workstation as for the quarters well i am ashamed to tell you what i did#how long have you been in there ?
well we are gonna turn this change into change for the better#woo hoo
ext wishing well  day)#and i wish that mr teeny gets a banana (tosses quarter) that the isotopes emerge from this season with a great blooper reel (tosses quarter) i wish that wishing wells worked so i wasn't just tossing my money away (tosses quarter) and that marge loves me forever no matter what stupid things i do (tosses quarter)
(smiling) and i hope bart passes his test and saves the school#way to get us back on topic marge
(scream)#(stunned) you live like this ?
(stunned) you live like this ?#dear lord if thy tornado must take me please let it take me to oz but do not let flanders be the scarecrow
dear lord if thy tornado must take me please let it take me to oz but do not let flanders be the scarecrow#we made it boy
(twirling bark)#oh my god oh my god (calling) this counts as a walk
oh my god oh my god (calling) this counts as a walk#the tornado took old what ishisname i am going after him
hey homer we were just doin' a little storm chasing#lenny take us with you to find our dog it is okay marge they are professionals
i'd say she is prettier than a surface hoar#hey
the sublimation of ice crystals that is colder than the frost point ?#maybe the last words i will ever write
(touched) aw#maybe look you guys obviously know about weather but i understand something much more predictable women
women#what women really want is a guy who is confident enough to go completely downhill after marriage and know she will still love him
a man who can hold a note the longest#that is the stupidest
(sotto) homer you do not have to compete with your friends for me#(quickly) i would never do that (sings the note a little longer)
enough with the singing#fine but i swear i will win you back from lenny
(panicstricken) it is gone#help me god what is it i am paying you for every sunday ?
help me god what is it i am paying you for every sunday ?#(fighting wind) can always use a good babysitter
oh my god the twister got carl my best friend in the world (sad) i can barely remember what he looks like#he was a black guy but his voice sounded like a white guy
you are trapped in there good once again the big banks stick it to the little guy#(pushing noise)
are you pushing ?#yes it will not give
except for the face full of glass when the door finally collapsed he did a pretty good job#found another one
(emotional) mom i am so glad you are alive#were you worried about me boy ?
sure why not ?#(angry sputters then trying to control himself) clearly the boy's in shock
oh yeah i am a wreck#stop being blas
never#(controlled anger) now i know you kids are scared by what happened but it is bedtime just go into your dark rooms and shut your eyes
(concerned) homie if we did both die we have never named guardians the kids could end up wards of the state#(hopeful) connecticut ?
no our state#(horrified shriek) okay you are right it is hard to imagine anyone else bringing up our kids but i think the choice is obvious  my dad
(touched) you would let me have another chance after the way i screwed things up with you ?#(thinks) good point we will find somebody else
yup you are a big bag of blubber soaked in worthless juice#i got it dad
why i married you i will never know#oh yeah ? the tornado was more of a father to me than you (thinks) okay how about my brother ? he is rich
sugar ?#oh how very kind of you (under breath to marge) i am not giving our kids to these gravellyvoiced super hags (then politely to selma) one lump please
and no resenting us ever#that is some impressive flutenastics
did not you want to ask us something ?#goodbye forever
someone's cranky#all right marge maybe we are being a little too choosy about who our kids spend the rest of their lives with we will take what we can get
with nametags on them ?#kids there is nothing to worry aboutbut we are looking at replacements for your mom and me if we should fail to die together as a family
oh i see you guys are trying to find a couple of saps to take us when dad has a coronary in the dead of night rolls over and crushes mom#this is not that and that smartalecky attitude is exactly why no one wants you
(sotto) homer dual incomes no kids at two o'clock#okay i will nudge 'em with the car we will get a whole "meet cute" thing going
maybe we should just give up for now have some fried clams and collect sea glass#wait what about that couple ? they look pretty cozy
just for standing on a thing ?#wowww your house is perfect no sharp corners no unsafe balconies a cool grampa
shutting up and giving away money#ooh (touched) thanks dad
it is a promise stone it signifies that if i ever get to be a burden i just jump in a volcano#wow i assumed the jackson five were the only perfect family but now i see there is another
(really huge swoon)#uh say listen portia how would you and mav feel about (meaningful) um swinging ?
with you guys ? uh seems like my husband would be getting the much better deal#no no no i meant pushing kids on swings
give me a minute to get some images out of my mind#okay take whatever time you need (gestures to kids) i just want to know if you would like to be their guardians
(enters) babe when a killer wave hits you can not spend your whole life deciding if you want to drop in or not it just might be the most righteous tube we ever shot#man you sure can talk surfer talk
okay we will give some serious thought to taking them#maybe this'll help you make up your mind
it is empty#you never know when you might wanna mail something
(a little tipsy) homie it is been a wonderful day but do you think maybe we are moving a little too quickly ?#worrywart marge you do not look a trojan horse in the mouth
but we know so little about them#i swear to you marge when i have the time i will google them both
(looks around) hey where is bart ?#oh uh well he wanted to be here but (decreasing volume of his voice) i am gonna decrease the volume of my voice and mumble so you can not really understand what i am saying (etc)
int simpson house  continuous)#great and now my dad can notarize
i still have my uses#name another
well i must admit it is a relief to get that taken care of#now i can finally complete my bucket list
homer marge we have a favor to ask#too late you already signed oh wait there is one more
too late you already signed oh wait there is one more#suckers oh wait you have gotta initial this
suckers oh wait you have gotta initial this#check mate
a whole weekend ? i do not know#hey if they can watch 'em for the rest of their lives they can certainly do it for a weekend
i guess as long as we do not make it a habit#marge no indulgence of mine ever becomes a habit
do you have to do that in front of people ?#it helps me write
ext springfield street  day)#marge this has been great couples time the one thing people with kids desperately need is no kids
so you will obey#i do not like the way they just rip the paper off santa's little helper my ass
oh god they want to steal our kids#(indignant) no one steals my kids except me from that theme park jail that i never told you about except i guess i just did we are all caught up now let's go
that is why they took our kids so quick#like all childless couples they troll the beaches waiting for the egglayers to wander off from their young
she is gonna raise three kids without wrecking that perfect figure#(turned on) oh yeah man
(turned on) oh yeah man#do not worry marge we will get 'em unless we die on this icy mountain road then they have won forever
homie i just had a horrible thought#(chuckles) women and their horrible thoughts
what if they are better for the kids than us ?#marge let me set your mind straight about something  that spectacular young couple is definitely better for the kids but those kids are ours because we made them by accident and now we are gonna take them back because we love them especially now that we have had a little time apart from them
marge let me set your mind straight about something  that spectacular young couple is definitely better for the kids but those kids are ours because we made them by accident and now we are gonna take them back because we love them especially now that we have had a little time apart from them#(angry) i have got a bone to pick with you (calm) then an apology to make then we exchange insurance information (shaking fist mad) then more bone picking
homer marge i understand your anger but your kids are more awesome than the breaks at waimea#(mad) those better be good breaks
honestly we fell in love with 'em and it seemed like you guys did not really want 'em#sure you wanted the fun parts but do you want to go to their little league games and recitals ?
like clockwork#well i am glad someone has
again ?#we have won (flatly) woo hoo
kids your father and i have decided we are not in such a hurry to get you guardians#instead of concentrating on dying we are going to concentrate on living
if you call this living#(furious) why you little
(furious) why you little#i do call this living living the way kids in india can only dream of
(hold the note)#i win
win what ?#i forget
(instructions/backseat driving comments) (gps) turn right onto first street head east (marge) homer watch the road not this road the other road#ladies please you can boss me around just one at a time
(confused noises)#what the ?
switching to male voice#finally a supervisor
(yawns) mary ?#(shrieks) thank god i wore the underwear with the hole on the side
(friendly but emphatic) bart simpson i do not know what the future holds for you#if you are lucky me then this
(enters) ew on every level ew bart you have to treat girls like they matter  not like they are a bunch of milhice (off their look) what ? it is the plural of milhouse look it up#listen to your sister boy
what i am saying applies to you too dad#what are you talkin' about ? marge and i are goin' great
(angry) homer simpson did you take maggie to moe's ?#it was during happy hour do not you want our baby to be happy ?
do not you see you are taking women for granted and aside from being lumped together and generalized about it is the one thing all women hate#(scoffs) how can something that applies to bart apply to me ? i am so much older and wiser
more like balder and wider#(mad) why you little i will teach you to say something that sounds similar
i was the only one without a date at patty's new lady friend's travel bookstore soft opening#you told me it was up to me if i wanted to go
you should know that me saying i do not care means i could not care more#i am sick and tired of trying to decode you like you are some kind of human being separate from myself
all right fine if you boys want it i will tell you what i really think#finally we are gettin' somewhere
you are both in the doghouse which is misleading 'cause i still like the dog#(sad sigh) hand me my suitcase boy
when do i get a krusty suitcase ?#when you are older
so this is where you go when mom kicks you out ?#you are saying it like it happens all the time and by the way the paint's a little faded on my parking spot you call this a platinum club experience ?
we will get right on it mr simpson#(peeved) i have told you a thousand times call me homer
(puzzled noise) what is this notice on the wall ?#standard hotel boilerplate it just says somebody died in this room in the last seventytwo hours
aw man we just missed it#oh it will happen again son
um i have gotta make a phone call#knock yourself out
knock yourself out#(aggravated noise) not again
(singing) my eyes are wide open now i see his warts / i wish him well down in hell where he will eat his own shorts (then sweet and sincere) it just poured out of me like venom from a snake#i had this idea years agobut your mother would not let me do it
i had this idea years agobut your mother would not let me do it#shows how much she (tv falls) knooooows (crushed noise then muffled) it is hurting my eyes
(a little too eager) or getting her kid hooked on pot she is my kid too you know#you know what we need ? a classic "kicked outta the house" party now who is got a rockin' cd ?
i have got the audio book of robert caro's "the passage of power"#that is it ? well then let's "power" this party up
i miss roxie that is the club where i used to smoke pot with my kid#this calls for decisive action  like lbj's use of the period of mourning following the assassination to push through the civil rights act
but how do we figure out what to do ?#the same way hollywood does by watching british movies
hard to believe that country used to rule anything#agreed but to win back our women we need to make a grand romantic gesture
(enthusiastic) hear hear#after we finish watching the movie
ext brokewood apartments common area)#(sings) i wrote this song to say i am sorry
(sings) dad do not be a credit hog#(sings) the melody is by beethoven
(sings) i will stop eating from the garbage#(sings) marge you will get the last pork chop
(excited) a completed chore list#and i promise to do the things i checked off within a year
dad what are you watching ?#i think it is a terence malick movie
no you are watching baby poindexter the most educational dvd available at the checkout aisle at the grocery store#finally a kids' show that is not trying to sell you something which reminds me we need to order more rectangles
what ?#honey this sounds like a noble experiment but like prohibition it will end in a hail of bullets
homer a little help ?#i am on it
int bookstore  continuous)#if i buy you why do i need all these books ?
sorry folks she does not even work here#"spot the hidden objects"
"spot the hidden objects"#(to book) boy you are pretty pushy for a book i just met
(to book) boy you are pretty pushy for a book i just met#(concentrating noises then) gotcha (chuckles) candy cane in the umbrella stand  oldest trick in the book okay let's see
(approaching) have you seen lisa and maggie ?#if they are not a trumpet or a rolling pin then "no" (more circling noises)
homie help me find them#okay now to see if i can apply my book knowledge to the real world
okay now to see if i can apply my book knowledge to the real world#got 'em
he is right here#sure what do i care ? (sips beer)
sure what do i care ? (sips beer)#(puzzled noise)
(puzzled noise)#(apologetic noise)
(apologetic noise)#whatever you say sir
(puzzled) dad why are you kowtowing to mr van houten ?#sometimes it is just so nice to have a man take charge
dad ?#grownups have their reasons
int milhouse's room  continuous)#but i just did that
thanks but lowering your voice and standing on paint cans does not make you man enough to be my dad#marge can i get a subscription to highlights magazine ?
homer that is for children#where does it say that ?
read the rest of the title#(reading) "highlights" "for" (beat annoyed grunt)
i lost my other earring#leave it to me
leave it to me#(searching noise)
(searching noise)#earring
(impressed noise)#thimble from monopoly game
wondered where that was#twentyfive dollar casino chip
(turned on noise)#the smallest nesting doll
can you find anything you like in this bed ?#(sweetly) just my honey pie
(sweetly) just my honey pie#wanna split it while we snuggle ?
wanna split it while we snuggle ?#(chagrined) licking the wrapper
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#waldo waldo waldo
homer bart said the kids were going to the van houtens but luann just told me they are supposed to be here they have disappeared#we will get those kids back
we will get those kids back#because we just bought them new shoes
because we just bought them new shoes#(flipping pages) waldo waldo
do you think lisa went to that jazz club i would not take her to ?#how many kids will jazz corrupt ?
homie do you see anything ?#no i am sorry it is wait a minute
(pleading his case) when i said you needed a software update it was not a criticism#(serious) we have found what we are looking for
the kids ?#sure they could be here who knows ?
the top of your head has a five o'clock shadow#(gasps) your hair is growing back tell me your secret
he is ten years old#(sadly) there is always a catch
is anyone here gonna buy a condo ?#(indignant) it is gonna be "yes" but do not rush me
i'd like that#son promise you will never look like me
i sure hope not#why you little that is not a heartwarming thing to end on
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#i can not believe you are reading when there is so much great stuff on tv
hmm you are right it is the golden age of wellwritten brilliantlyacted tv shows#(scoffs) writing is for bathroom walls and acting is for getting out of dui's the only reason tv exists is for reality shows about whitetrash scuzzbags doing subhuman madeup jobs
(scoffs) writing is for bathroom walls and acting is for getting out of dui's the only reason tv exists is for reality shows about whitetrash scuzzbags doing subhuman madeup jobs#ooo jail music
this is "storage battles"#(considering) i will give it one marathon
skinner#(excited) no one feels out a unit like cj not bubba not debbie and danny no one
(pleased noise)#highfive me marge
i want to know what it is for#too late
too late#(upbeat) we are gonna get rich off the poor and forgetful (beat) and dead people
(to homer) it looks like you are not the only predatory opportunist in town#(gasp) there is other pos ? (worried) uhoh better put on my game shades
sixfifty going once sixfifty going twice#one thousand dollars
onethousanddollarsgoingoncegoingtwicesoldtothemanwhodid notwaitforthebiddingtogetanywherenearonethousanddollars#(cocky) in the money game cash is king
we spent a thousand dollars on a bunch of old boxes ?#you will not be laughing when these boxes are full of priceless treasures
i wasn't laughing  i was being worried#feather boas ?
makeup and baby oil#tights ? robes ? (moans) this stupid locker must have belonged to some old lady
"property of abraham j simpson ?" this is grampa's stuff#why would my mandad have lady stuff ?
(sotto) it is not all lady stuff look at all these fitness publications#beefcake mags ?
i think your dad might be gay#(frustrated noise) that is insane my dad was married to a woman who left him because he ignored her needs for decades (realizing moans) my gay dad is gay for gays
i think this is great old gay men are adorable like wrinkle dogs in a wrinkle dog calendar#(mopey) those are pretty cute
your dad's been in the closet for so long he probably does not know how tolerant society's become they even had a gay float in the pride parade last year#my dad's always been so angry maybe if we help him be who he is he will finally be happy
(turned on) oh homie you are so enlightened#(seductive) yeah gay rights are human rights baby
abe we found your storage locker#it is okay dad we know the truth and we love you
int hallway  continuous)#just admit who you are and you can find new love
"help me out of the closet wonderful older man seeks life partner before rapidlyencroaching death"#(chiming in) no fatties
how about some fatties ?#(pouting) fine
(excited) i hope someone saw our ad#if i can not find my father a man to kiss and cuddle then i have failed as a son
(splutters) what ? i do not ride sidesaddle i am straight as a submarine#then how do you explain this ?
(gasps) you are glamorous godfrey#who ?
(awed sounds)#look at all this wrestling stuff
(sobs a little)#what is wrong ?
ext burns mansion  establishing  day)#you were a worldfamous wrestler ? spill the beans old man word beans
(sighs) all right i will tell ya it was the 1950s#(groans) those things ?
excellent so we will take the boy and make a night of it#i do not know should i really let the men who ruined my (re grampa) past and (re burns) present hang out with the kid who is going to ruin my future ?
i will bring you home my dessert#(immediately sold) text me the choices
"gorilla joe" "gorilla sam" "gorilla pete" "ook and eek the gorilla twins" where did mr burns dig up all these old wrestlers ?#apparently old folks homes are full of people that used to be things just like you and me swear to god
can i have one can i ?#fine
listen getting people riled up is what heels do#heel ? oh no tell me you are not trying to be like grampa
heel ? oh no tell me you are not trying to be like grampa#no i do not if you pray to superman
well sure i am i always thought grampa was lame but he is really awesome#your grandfather is super lame i mean if he wasn't a terrible father what is my excuse for this ?
burnsy i can not remember the last time i was so happy#you grandsonruining fiend look what your "number one fan" did at show and tell
who would film such a thing ?#it is found footage
so what we could use another winner in this family#how are you a winner ? you are cheating in a fake sport
wrestle with bart ? (considers) he ain't beefy but he is infuriating and you can not teach infuriating monty you are a genius#bart cannot be an oldtime wrestler as your inattentive son and your incompetent employee i forbid it
ext oldtime wrestling pavilion  day)#why does everything i forbid always happen ?
(takes a breath) why are you so mean to me ?#he is taking on mean man monty go get him honest abe
(touched) oh that was so sweet#(wipes tears) i wish grampa was my dad
ext flanders house  morning  establishing)#hey flanders can i borrow some sugar ?
(upbeat) sure#a little cream ?
(upbeat) goes with the sugar#now if you could make with some bacon and eggs i will be on my way
(sighs) why do not you come on in and have breakfast with us ?#are your kids gonna be there ?
eh for a little bit#(deep sigh) okay
now you know we do not discuss politics at the table#(mimes picking up phone) hello police ? i'd like to report a buzzkill in progress
there is no emergency here and please charge us for the false report (hangs up) i am going out for a power walk#this room just got a whole lot cooler
(stoned giggles)#(stoned) look at the size of that bird i'd go henry the eighth on those drumsticks
homer i can not believe you are partaking with my parents#yeah it is medicinal we had a pain in our neck (indicates flanders with thumb)
(stoner laughs)#i did not know you were lefthanded
homer you will need to wear this eye patch for a couple weeks and you may never see a film in 3d again (chuckles)#but the storytelling is finally catching up to the technology
(chuckles) not praying to a character in a comic book#what about christian archie comics ?
neither canonical nor comical#here i will get you started hail superman wearing tights clark kent be thy name one nation under zod
ned homie's a little cranky right now more than his eye i think you hurt his feelings#give him one of your famous murmurs marge
my what ?#your famous murmur you know (marge murmur)
(murmurs)#thanks flanders punch my eye destroy my marriage now just pull the plug and let me die
that is the plug for the light#(flatline noise)
nix she is already got two weeks tenure so she is impossible to dislodge#i hate unions there is this guy at my plant caused three meltdowns and he still keeps his job
homer that is you#oh yeah (chanting) i say "union" you say "power" union
(weakly) power#union
(weakly) power#(loud whisper) marge you are really dogging it on the "power" but do not worry because of the union you are safe (regular to skinner and chalmers) so just what are you gonna do for our daughter ?
we should talk about what we are going to promise to do not what we will actually do#(warmly) we really appreciate that
look at those eyes there is an employee with a healthy case of the goget'ems#(loud snore)
homer homer i found the answer#flanders ? how'd you get in here ? this place is a highlysensitive area
"life shall go for life eye for an eye tooth for a tooth"#hey i do not go to where you work and read the bible to you
i would embrace such a glad visit#just what do you want ?
(dead serious) i want you to punch me in the eye if you do then we are even according to exodus leviticus and matthew#so you went and hired a law firm eh ? that is pretty aggressive
(frustrated sigh) jeepers creepers pop my peeper#c'mon man what is the catch ?
homer just call me a little bubble 'cause i am on the level (insistent) punch me#hmm
what is this about a fisting ?#i am not punching you flanders
what ? why ?#because if i hit you back we will be even but if i do not hit you that makes me the better man and i am liking the way that feels
no you can not if i am not as good as you then i am horrible#it is not for me to judge ned because (realizing) i am the better man
now there is no need to#(taunting) better man comin' through ( la "hey batter batter) waybetterbetter waybetterbetter zing
enough#(quick taunting) you may be the sweater man but homer is the better man
now you are rhyming ?#i did not know you were lefthanded
(gagging noises)#fear not people i will lead you safely across
fear not people i will lead you safely across#(terrified) help me flanders
which wikipedia defines as a strong resilient waterresistant material that definition is a hit with no errors#what is wrong sweetie ?
my teacher's still bullying me#even after we came to school ?
(sniffles) that just made it worse#every time i try to fix things it just makes things worse but i am gonna fix this
every time i try to fix things it just makes things worse but i am gonna fix this#(getting idea noise) i think i have an idea
ext flanders' house  front porch  continuous)#flanders i have come to forgive you
(happily) my prayers have been answered well actually just this one#but there is one condition
now you can shatter my orbital bone that'll knock the wax off my candle#do not wanna hit you i want your wife
(incrediblymortified gasp)#to elaborate i want your wife the teacher to help get rid of lisa's substitute
the nuclear option#(grim) how much plutonium do you want ? gotta warn you it might take me twenty minutes to get it
(nostalgic) how long has it been since we prayed together neighbor ?#(horrified) this is praying ? let me outta here
(horrified) this is praying ? let me outta here#help me god
you guys i swear i did not do it#(wary) i do not like the sound of that funeral march
(wary) i do not like the sound of that funeral march#okay i will pay for your damn band candy (takes out wallet) what was it seventeen hundred dollars ?
forget the candy we are here to turn thisinto this#now do me wearing a sombrero
now do me wearing a sombrero#now have me sleeping under a cactus
now have me sleeping under a cactus#(spanish annoyed grunt)
wow  he passed the maggie test and remember how maggie solved cookiegate ?#(rueful) all too well
(resigned sigh) i am afraid once a youth court has been demanded we are legally obligated to shut down mob rule as decided in the case of "rubber v glue" and reaffirmed by "i know you are v what am i"#son if there is one thing i have learned as a defendant and a juror it is stay out of the courtroom it is so frickin' boring run boy i will create a distraction
(big laughs)#you gotta be kiddin'
will the defendant please rise ?#it is amazing how much exercise i have gotten from those words
int nuclear power plant  day)#(coy chuckle) keep it under your hat guys but i have got a date with a married woman
is it marge ?#(coy) her husband's gonna be there too
got it you and marge#give up ? it is marge  (proud laugh) i am having a lunch date with my wife
(flat) good one / yeah you got us man#(chuckles) date with my wife
(impressed) this is the coolest sushi restaurant in town it got threeandahalf stars in the springfield tire guide#when we got married i promised you a life full of romance now here it is
tip included (blasts again)#marge this is amazing i never realized some restaurants are better than others (voracious eating noises)
so without the kids we can have sophisticated grownup talk#(eating noises) oh yeah
uh i am thinking of getting maggie swimming lessons#beats drowning (eating noises)
(losing it) i think i am interesting#(mouth full) what ? what ? you are interesting why would you say that ?
(disgusted) can you chew with your mouth closed ? it is like looking into a garbage disposal#(sad) words hurt you know
(sad noise) the most romantic part of this was the hold music when i made the reservation#maybe it is time for a visit from wally the kissing walrus
maybe it is time for a visit from wally the kissing walrus#(amorous walrus noises)
that usually works but not today#uhoh
uhoh#marge i thought this was an innocuous lunch but it is become terribly ocuous
marge i thought this was an innocuous lunch but it is become terribly ocuous#conversation conversation you look great
conversation conversation you look great#and uh how was your day ?
lousy#you can not spell "lousy" without "us"
i am going to take a cab#marge wait
marge wait#listen we swore we'd never go to sleep angry at each other
i am not going to sleep#well you did not have two beers with your lunch (stifles a yawn)
well you did not have two beers with your lunch (stifles a yawn)#oh my god a marriage so perfect that i could take it for granted for years suddenly explodes what do i do ? what do i do ?
for a man confronted with danger two responses immediately come to mind#i like that picture of the sneaker with wings i am gonna flee
i like that picture of the sneaker with wings i am gonna flee#(pants then) where is an electric sidewalk when you need one ?
(pants then) where is an electric sidewalk when you need one ?#(dramatic) fleeing did not work i have no choice i will have to (powerful) do whatever the other thing was
what are you doing home from work ?#i am fightin' for ya babe fighting like i would for the last slice of cold pizza in the box and to show you how serious i am
(skeptical) from the gas station ?#(proudly) from the place beside the gas station
no i am tired of your broken promises "marge i am gonna lose ten pounds" "sweetie i will be home at eight pm" "sweetie i will be home at eight am" (meaningful beat) "i will take you out to the most romantic lunch of your life" i am done#marge was so happy when i made those promises what changed ?
meanwhile homer was doing something very difficult for him  thinking#how do i win marge over ? (thinks) i could get her kids to like me (reconsiders) no that ship has sailed
fortunately the modern man has a third alternative#hm would it make a woman happy to do the things she asked you to do ?
hm would it make a woman happy to do the things she asked you to do ?#(inspired) i think it would (examines list)
(inspired) i think it would (examines list)#searchy ? where can i find brake fluid ?
(siritype voice) there are fourteen taco joes in your area#that was yesterday
"yesterday" by john lennon and paul mccartney#where can i find a better voiceactivated search machine ?
where can i find a better voiceactivated search machine ?#(sad noise) i can not please any woman
bart milhouse#okay let's see how straight it is
guess who is coming to dinner#(mad) what have i told you about comical entrances ?
homie what are you doing ?#i am planing (planeing) down that door that always sticks i put training wheels on bart's bike and made an appointment with the dermatologist to see about my slowlyreceding hairline
(sadly) homer#yes my love ?
this list is from six years ago#oh well you know how in the special olympics they give medals just for showing up ?
what fish may i deplete from our oceans for your passing pleasure ? perhaps some shark fin soup ? whale tonsils ? baby dolphin blowhole ? turtle smile ?#i'd like a lot of food and for this to be the last decision i have to make
chef's choice#you are all i have left i trust you completely
and i you let me run your credit card to celebrate that trust#okay this should do it
int swankyfish  evening)#(sad sigh)
i see tears in your toro#marriage is so tough every second it could explode catastrophically makes me not want to come home from my job at the nuclear plant
i say marriage is like fish there are parts so delicious they could've been sliced from angelsand parts we make into omakase#omakase ? (trying to recall) where have i heard that word before ?
(tiny japanese scream)#wow wow this is the most delicious analogy i have ever eaten (getting idea noise) i need to share this insight with marge put this in your finest styrofoam
(cheers turning into muffled "what is this ?" gettingpacked noises with japanese accents)#once again by eating alone i have saved my marriage
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#for reasons i forgot in the car this sushi represents our marriage but what i know for sure is that i want to share it with you
int simpson kitchen  night)#well at least you do not have to suffer boy
ext moe's  day  establishing)#(moans) moe can you think of a way to please a woman that starts with "f" ?
hey you know it is funny you should mention that i have been readin' that "fifty shades of grey" and it turns out that what chicks want now is a guy to give 'em whatfor in the bedroom there#woo hoo i will woo her with woohoo
ext springfield street  day)#( la marty allen) hello dere
int sex shop  day)#(puzzled noise) the minister's wife ? what are you here for ?
help me out here homer#(weirdedout noise)
(weirdedout noise)#(under breath) listen pal this may sound kinda kinky but i would like to uh please my wife
well are you comfortable with role play ?#(cockney) i think i could give it a shot whatwhat guvnah bob's your uncle
mmm new cushion smell#(singsong) oh marge come to the garage you know it will be good 'cause i am saying it in a singsong fashion
(picks one up) what does this do ?#just relax sit down (very panicked) not in that chair it has no bottom
this is not putting me in the mood#anger's a mood
why would you think i'd like this ?#i do not know it is just that you always say we should try new things but i thought snuggle clamps just might rekindle
i do not know it is just that you always say we should try new things but i thought snuggle clamps just might rekindle#(incredibly anguished noise) quick call the procter and gamble help line
(puzzled) huh that was just a placebo#what does that mean ?
homer i am glad that you tried even though now i can not find the washing machine#it is behind the dingle swing
ohhh#so you forgive me ?
not because of what you bought but because i realized that no matter what you will never stop trying and there is nothing a woman loves more than that#(touched noise) thanks honey so you are not cool with any of the toys ?
actually i am cool with one of them#which one ?
not gonna say#what size batteries
d#ooh how many ?
sixteen#holy moly
ext sky  day)#(terrified shriek)
(terrified shriek)#(annoyed grunt)
it sure has taken a beating over the years might be time to get a new one#really ? you wanna throw something out just because it is a little old ?
(mutters)#(noises of incredible anguish)
are there any two words more exciting than "couch shopping ?"#(sips beer) no need i already went online and ordered a new couch just like the old one
(sips beer) no need i already went online and ordered a new couch just like the old one#and you know marge those salespeople weren't really our friends
but they let me take fabric samples#they charged a deposit
they had to it came from corporate#(gently) that is right sweetie it always comes from corporate
(urgent) the latest new york fashion has come to springfield  bedbugs#ew just hearing about them makes me itch
ew just hearing about them makes me itch#(scratching noise) funny how the brain does that huh ?
it is making me see them#(chuckles) the brain is so stupid
how did we get bedbugs ?#probably one of bart's dirty friends (furious) boy why are your friends so dirty ?
d'unno why are your friends such drunks ?#touch
i do not want a comedian knowing my dress size#(mad) wait a minute this has oats in it
(mad) wait a minute this has oats in it#(intrigued) ooh a nosehair trimmer
oh this thing's just loaded with rock salt i just use it to keep raccoons outta my fridge and of course to coat the rims of my margarita glasses#padre can i be honest with you ? i have sucked every church book ribbon there is hoping to find one made of cherry but there is not
padre can i be honest with you ? i have sucked every church book ribbon there is hoping to find one made of cherry but there is not#and if it is such a (air quotes) "good book" how come there is no blurbs on the back ? not even david sedaris ? and he will flack anything
and if it is such a (air quotes) "good book" how come there is no blurbs on the back ? not even david sedaris ? and he will flack anything#seriously "pews ?"
homer i love your passion it is terrific it is really something listen  i am just thinking  would you consider being my deacon ?#deacon ? (suspicious) is that like one of those weird catholic priest things ?
no not at all it is like a sexton or a rector#oh now we are talkin' but why me ?
because if i can get the man who sleeps through church to be my guy this town will know that religion can be fun#well i am not one for taking new jobs on a whim but as we say in the snow plow business "i am your astronaut"
homer you are not supposed to see the dress before the wedding#(covering eyes) just looking for the bathroom
(screams) this is not the bathroom#but this paper towel feels so good
homer your daughter does not want to get married#(sotto to marge) that would save us several hundred bucks
tell her she is wrong#right um i do not understand lisa we let you get up early to watch the royal wedding
hey i have a weakness for pomp#since when ?
uh but first let me introduce our new deacon homer simpson#it is an honor sir
(quietly to lovejoy) you bring in the lost sheep and the others will follow#(ed mcmahon) lost sheep yes sis boom bah (laughs)
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#(brandishing bulletin) church bulletin ? church bulletin ? find out in whose loving memory this week's service is (dramatic) the answer may shock you
dad ? you always hated church#now for the record i hated the building the people in it and the spirit it represented i never hated the church itself and now finally i believe in something bigger than myself
the only thing bigger than you is you tomorrow#(furious) why you little (controlling himself) lamb (exiting) mustn't kill own son only god can do that
(pulledunder noise)#church bulletin ? church bulletin ? church
church bulletin ? church bulletin ? church#(gasp) someone finally took one
int simpson house  morning)#(sings to self) day by day day by day the deacon's job is pretty okay pretty okaaay i am going to be a deacon day by day i am already a deacon day by day
we need guidance#son i'd love to but i am a deacon now my butt's place is in my pants
we have lost him#(horrified) what the ?
i have a plan  save your civic leaders#calm yourselves in times like this there is one almighty being we can put our faith in reverend hooper
his words have soothed the amphibious beasts#(in awe) his boringness saved us all
(horrified screams)#compliments of the deacon
(laughs)#(sings to "day by day") day by day / day by day / i have got three kids / and two are okay / two are okay / one of them is the baby / the smart one is mine maybe / i hope the boy gets rabies / day by day by day / day by day / oh i pray / day by day by day by daaay
ext simpson house  evening  establishing)#oh boy
oh boy#(small intrigued noise then calmly) is that the radon detector ?
mom's deleting old tv shows off the dvr#marge you are deleting the two thousand nine oscar red carpet there were some awesome dresses (snooty) and quite a few (falsetto) disasters
fine what would you get rid of ?#well i can not part with a single one of my "hoarders" hands off my episodes of "episodes" and if you delete "revenge" (shaking fist noise)
ext moe's  a few nights later  establishing)#so i stayed up for the last eightyseven hours watching all my shows
so i stayed up for the last eightyseven hours watching all my shows#nothin's gonna delete these
nothin's gonna delete these#(quick moronic noise)
and that is why libraries use newspaper rods#i know cpr
i know cpr#i took a class where you do chest compressions to a bee gees song
i took a class where you do chest compressions to a bee gees song#(singing/pushing) how deep is your love how deep is your love
are you sure it wasn't "stayin' alive ?"#too on the nose (singing) i really need to learn / 'cause we are living in a world of fools
(sings) i believe in youse (sits up) you guys you saved me you do care#now wait a minute gotta make sure you are okay who is the president now ?
some jerk#he is back
homer simpson#(terrified noise) the woman i love
i sent you to the store to get applesauce for maggie two hours ago#well uh i was just leaving but moe had an accident
ext capital city street  later)#okay moe one more surprise
yes 'cause every time you wear it you will know how much we love you like the one pair of blue pants i bought homer twenty years ago#(sweetly) they are like a wedding ring i can not take them off anymore
(checks tag) no it is a fortyfour long  i wear a thirtyeight hunched#got anything for a man my size ?
absolutely not tent city is across the street#tent eh ?
no husband of mine is wearing a tent#no tents no barrels no kiddy pools thank you fashion police
now what say we turn the hot water on and off while your father's taking a shower#(anguished screams then) thank god i am not in the shower
so you are saying moe's dumbo his bourbon is the giant ears and we are that flock of racist crows ?#the crows weren't racist  the people who drew them were
int master bathroom  continuous)#(puzzled noise) stupid clog
(puzzled noise) stupid clog#(gasp) my head hairs (shocked) i am bald
(gasp) my head hairs (shocked) i am bald#(mad) get get get in there
(mad) get get get in there#woo hoo
woo hoo#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#aw dammit
ah mr homer i see you are wearing the bald man's beret#is it that obvious ?
i am as smooth as jazz (bebop noises)#(moans) my wife has never seen my head naked maybe i should wear a cowboy hat
what the ? but i used the best label paste#those two hairs were what was left of my youth moe
hey come on there is sexy bald like uh babar king of the elephants i read his books as a kid (confidential) he married his cousin celeste (beat) that was my takeaway#those royal elephants have trainers to keep 'em in shape average schmoe like me forget it
int power plant  continuous)#(bolts upright urgently) sausage fingers
hey your baseball cap's one plastic bump tighter than usual what gives ?#okay guys here's the deal  i have gone bald
yeah you already landed a hot wife that is the only reason men evolved hair#what are you talking about ?
you lured marge in with your hair you trapped her with marriage you skinned and fieldgutted her by having kids now she is mounted on your wall for good with fake glass eyes and a rubber tongue#(still worried) the way you put it it sounds so perfect but it is not
(concerned) you sound seriously depressed why do not we talk about it over at moe's ?#it is not even noon
i could not help overhearing your predicament mainly because my hearing is so great#who are you ?
you will need your voice to say "thanks mom" after your next recital#are you my guardian angel ? if so can you turn a pumpkin into a chariot ? even a used camry would be okay
no just a regular hairless joe like you been bald since i was twentythree with the money i have saved i bought a yacht#(amazed) you are cool with it ? i have not even told my wife
you wait for the right moment you show her that glorious dome and then you rest it sweetly on her bosom and let the kisses flow like rain#wow is that what your wife did ?
thank you#which one ?
listen sweetie it was wrong of me to force my dreams on you#yeah your generation will not have any dreams come true
int simpson house  master bedroom  moments later)#marge (deep breath) i have something to show you
is it your impression of mr burns eating soup ? because i am not in the mood#no it is something else
no it is something else#well ?
i always wondered what you were hiding under your curly locks my beautiful yellow melon#(feigned nonchalance) hair no hair i do not really think about it (chuckles)
confidence is so attractive in a man#tell me about it
tell me about it#oh marge when you hold me like that
we take you now to doubles action between pavlyuchenkekavilnikova and strakovamishtnupetrateva#(chuckles) to me it is legs versus boobs
(chuckles) to me it is legs versus boobs#what the ? change the channel ? but i am watching softcore tennis
("keeyah") kiya karate monsters#what the hell is that ?
mom said we could watch it#did she really say that ?
(challenging) are you gonna walk upstairs and ask her ?#no
kiya#you like this now ? what about "planet jackson and the earth brigade ?"
(bored groan)#you did it baby you promised no fun and you delivered
int moe's tavern  later)#(excited) guys this science exhibit that told me how stupid it is to play the lottery
(worried) so you did not buy our weekly ticket ?#("duh") are you nuts ? you can not win if you do not play
hey it is time turn it on turn it on#four lucky numbers for four best friends
my number's twentytwo no reason just twentytwo#and i am sixtynine because people always laugh when you say sixtynine no one knows why
guys guys we gotta celebrate throw a ragin' party i will cash the ticket homer homer you get the food#(excited gasp) i will get minidumpsters of wings from garbage wings
who cares ? we got the money (sobs) i am so happy (more sobs) i am so happy#to the best feeling in the world  money
to the best feeling in the world  money#guys i got big plans for these winnings i am going to build a swimming pool
guys i got big plans for these winnings i am going to build a swimming pool#so freaking far in the ground baby
i am sure he just got held up in traffic#yeah that is probably what happened
i wonder what is keeping carl ?#i hope our friend wasn't in an accident
i am glad we are the kind of people who are worried about carl's safety instead of thinking that he ripped us off#i wasn't thinking that carl's our good friend
ext winding road  night)#the power of friendship is so amazing i do not feel at all suspicious of carl
(stunned) carl's gone#(realizing) our money's gone
we have been betrayed  by good ol' carl#guys i think we might need a new song (sings mournful to tune of "make new friends but keep the old") four best friends who never quarrel
guys give carl a chance i am sure he is gonna come back#i do not think so  his travel neck pillow's gone from its pedestal
i bet he flew to quebec to bring us back authentic french canadian sugar pie oh i can taste it already (mimes eating pie) "mmm thanks for the sugar pie carl"#hey what is this ? "i have gone home goodbye forever carl carlson"
i still can not believe it was carl who took your winnings i thought it would have been (points to moe) you (points to lenny) or you (points to homer) or you#i know me too it is the ultimate screwover
you do not know where carl is from ?#come on you know how dudes are we do not go digging into the past we talk about guy stuff
hey hey get that outta here i do not ever want to see that moolahstealing jackpotthief again#wait a minute something's reflected in the lenses of carl's sunglasses
wait a minute something's reflected in the lenses of carl's sunglasses#i just need to get closer
i just need to get closer#he is looking at a geyser and there is a sign in front of it
he is looking at a geyser and there is a sign in front of it#(small frustrated noise) it is too small to read
int simpson house  back yard  day)#i thought it was superman's supermancave
int simpson house  master bedroom  later)#(whistles) fifty bucks per bag ? i guess i am only bringing one guitar on this revenge trip
you are going so far away i will miss you#baby i am going for us that money is gonna dig us a swimming pool that'll take our broken family and make it whole
(worried noise) how am i going to sleep if someone is not pushing me all the way to the very edge of the bed ?#i have already taken care of that
hey lenny when are you gonna wise up ? carl never wants to see us again i am done talkin' to you#this is funny it says here iceland is green and greenland is icy the vikings switched the names to trick everybody
(to passerby) excuse me uh we are looking for our friend he is uh about so tall uh wears a jacket he is um got no visible tattoos#just say he is black moe
carl carlson his family has been hated for a thousand years#how do you know about carl's family ?
ext farmhouse  a little later)#all right this is it carl's family home twentytwo
all right this is it carl's family home twentytwo#ooh phew oh that is a lot of letters
yeah and that is why his sweatpants say "hjorleifsstrti" across the butt#(struggling noise) the gates are locked
ext reykjavik  seedy part of town  continuous)#aw dammit we lost him
aw dammit we lost him#(out of breath) it is no use we are perfectly matched
(out of breath) it is no use we are perfectly matched#we did it
ext icelandic restaurant  day  establishing)#give us some answers or you will get a mouthful of rotten shark fermented in its own urine
(looks down) not to me#sorry lenny
hey hey hey lenny forget him forget him look we still got the money#what the hell is this ?
maybe we'd give it back to our friend but we are not friends remember ?#sorry carl it is world war ii all over again  america kicks iceland's ass
ext reykjavik streets  day)#guys do you think carl was right ? what if we are not real friends ? maybe we are just lonely guys who do guy stuff
hi homie did you get the money ? the kids have been stocking up on pool noodles#put the noodles in the shed there is not gonna be a swimming pool
(confused noise)#carl spent all our money on this stupid page from a stupid saga
i know carl did you wrong but is destroying something he cares that much about really going to make you feel good ?#well we will not know that till after
just read the saga and see what it says#but how can we learn to read ancient icelandic ?
thorn ?#yes
yes#forvitinn
i can not do this i can not do this#you can not not do it
you can not not do it#okay let's see what this thing says
ext medieval iceland  day)#"when the barbarian invaders came the carlsons met them with their weapons ready"
wow carl's family really was brave#"weapons which they immediately threw down in surrender the carlsons then let the barbarians in the back gate and joined in the sacking the lootingand the volcanoing of the village elders
"weapons which they immediately threw down in surrender the carlsons then let the barbarians in the back gate and joined in the sacking the lootingand the volcanoing of the village elders#the carlsons then wrote down this saga so no one would ever forget their treachery and cowardice"
the carlsons then wrote down this saga so no one would ever forget their treachery and cowardice"#(realizing) carl's family was even worse than people thought
hey guys i think i feel bad for carl#yieg err meth fraubaiirra hoogminnd
ext reykjavik  day)#(over pa) attention everyone in iceland we have an important announcement
ext reykjavik town square  later)#is this everyone ?
yes#i have learned something about the people of iceland you have endured barbarian invasions total financial collapse and a lesbian prime minister
i have learned something about the people of iceland you have endured barbarian invasions total financial collapse and a lesbian prime minister#you have managed to survive on a craphole island that looks like the moon and smells like rotten eggs and to do that you have to be stubborn
you have managed to survive on a craphole island that looks like the moon and smells like rotten eggs and to do that you have to be stubborn#but i ask you to put aside your stubbornness while i tell you about carl carlson
the blood of a thousand tiny horses is on their hands#it does not matter what happened a thousand years ago for carl carlson's honor has been redeemed by the deeds of carl carlson
(bigger impressed noises)#and when he brings a sixpack to my house he does not take the extras home with him carl carlson leaves them in the fridge
carl carlson is our friend even if he does not believe it#aww thanks flanders gotta warn ya he does not talk much
the stuff that comes from in here (points to heart) that is guy stuff#we do not get together to share our emotions we get together to escape them
ext simpson house  backyard  day)#okay everyone get ready to see your brand new
what is it ? what is it ? what is it ?#kegpools
(laughs)#(struggling noises then embarrassed) fine i am going home
(loving) our first anniversary#and we are more in love than ever (defiant) in your face people who said it would not last a year
let's just enjoy our happiness homie accidental motherhood is the greatest thing that can happen to a woman and i think bart's finally outgrown his misbehavior#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#better clean that off
better clean that off#(cleaning noises then to mannequin) you have a great day ma'am (goes back to marge)
(sighs) wish i could get a little of that attention#(annoyed noise)
hey simpsons do not mean to be a pesto but i will be happy to watch your scampy shrimp#(frustrated noise then gently) he is not your daddy
(looking at homer) fat daddy smell like beer#(muttering angrily) i will teach you to speak in complete sentences
(muttering angrily) i will teach you to speak in complete sentences#(heading to escalator with marge) but first m'lady let me escort you to heaven  the fancy swiss chocolate store on level three
(romantic gasp) homer you are the anchor store of my heart#just call me borders books 'cause i will always be here
oh homie what a wonderful anniversary#yep we have got something money can not buy  love on a train and i promise each anniversary will be better and better
ext the same mall  day)#(concerned) but somehow our anniversaries did not get better than that first one on the train
wait you named me after a train ?#yeah just like we did with bart anyway this year i am gonna recreate our magical first anniversary ending with a romantic ride on that (gasps)
yeah just like we did with bart anyway this year i am gonna recreate our magical first anniversary ending with a romantic ride on that (gasps)#why are you taking away the train ?
memory loss could be a brain tumor take this and go see fantasia#kids i have only had three great ideas marrying your mother using a hot dog as a straw and this romantic train ride anniversary (to worker) sir i need this train
are you sure mom is really gonna want a rustedout kiddy train ?#she will not see it like this i will make this train look as beautiful as it did when this mall was young
try this#you stay away from my kids unless you are driving them to school
so i am not babysitting tomorrow night ?#(quickly) oh we are still on for tomorrow night
(calling out from train car) dad do we have to ride like this ?#hey what could be cooler than a choochoo with lollipops on it ?
(laughs)#shake it off kids they are just jealous
hey lardo where're you goin' in your lardo car ? lardville ?#(mad) there is no such place
hi homie a crazy thing happened when i was ordering your anniversary gift#uh anniversary ? that comin' up ?
yes and it is a big one remember ?#marge i am focused on this like a laser (giggles) "laser" that is a funny word it is just "loser" with an "a" and speaking of losers i have lost my train of thought oh and speaking of trains wait till you see (short scream)
marge i am focused on this like a laser (giggles) "laser" that is a funny word it is just "loser" with an "a" and speaking of losers i have lost my train of thought oh and speaking of trains wait till you see (short scream)#the surprise is safe the expression on her face will be priceless
(moans) he forgot our anniversary again ? he remembers the exact number of pork chops in the freezer#currently zero
i know what it is like not to be listened to please ignore every sensible instinct you have and continue this conversation (smooth) and by the way this is my real voice#(on phone) do not worry moe when marge is asleep i will sneak back
(nervous murmurs then) homie i bet you are wondering why i stayed on the computer until four am#(chuckles) hey those yelp reviews do not write themselves did you know a wellplaced one star can destroy a mom and pop hardware in nothing flat ?
(angry sputters) what ? where're your going ? i#um marge i have to go
what ? now ? why ?#(shrieks)
int moe's back room  (meanwhile))#(agonized scream then cheerful) all worth it for marge
well we could (meaningful) live blog it#(sings) i have been workin' on the railroad
why are you singing that ?#because it is in the public domain ?
hello (holds out phone to homer) it is moe from moe's tavern#oh uh i'd better take this y'see moe's been depressed and needs to hear a friendly voice (disarming chuckle then into phone mad) why the hell are you calling me at home you moron ?
(to lenny) then keep quiet like a cabbage#(quietly) all right all right i will be right there
(irritated) that is great i wonder what surprise your father has in store#(noise of great agony) boy oh boy
(noise of great agony) boy oh boy#(noises of great pain) marge i threw my back out can you please refill this prescription right away ?
(sighs) where is it from ?#it is in drugtown not the nice part
that'll take hours on our anniversary#and what better way to spend it than commemorating the glorious words you spoke ten years ago "for worse"
"for worse"#(giddy) it is working (decisive) she is gone (calling out) all right everyone magically appear
(giddy) it is working (decisive) she is gone (calling out) all right everyone magically appear#wow moe great shrub costume
yeah i sell 'em on the internet for likeminded people now let's lay some track#(touched) you guys are the best i just want you to know when i am holding marge in my arms tonight i will be thinking of all of you
what a wonderful anniversary#you think we will last twentyfive years ?
so you are the kind of maneater hall and oates warned us all about#(walks up) hall and oates ? what is going on here ?
your wife and my husband have been watching british tv together#costume drama or naughty comedy ?
(separating them) drama drama#you just dodged a bullet mister sugarpants
no secrets except good secrets like this train#my only secrets are my marathon time is not four twentysix it is never i often go online to see how lindsay wagner's looking now  fabulous and i once pushed a kid off a swing and he broke his wrist or something but it is no secret how much i love my margie
that exists ? oh boy#honey just what was going on with you and that guy ?
well i was trying to buy you snack cakes#oh baby that is all i needed to hear
oh baby that is all i needed to hear#(worried) how did we get here ?
(sings) marge was feeling lonely and bored / every night she was ignored#(sings) but when marge went boo hoo / i was building a choochoo
(sings) find love on the net#(sings) you deserve what you get
yes it is they are my lines as the scarecrow in "the wizard of oz"#okay i am ready for the nuclear workers convention it is a little sad the guys who did the funny skit last year well they are all very sick
did you pack everything you need ?#even better i never unpacked from the time we went to hawaii
even better i never unpacked from the time we went to hawaii#ooh my lava's almost cooled
(playful boxing noises turning serious) (halpern) take that in your face boy ow ow / (homer) (giddy laughs) hey you stupid#(shuts trunk sad) a whole weekend away from my family (heavy sigh) i can not believe i have to miss taking the kids to buy gym uniforms send me a picture ?
yeah they are the perfect combination of work and binge drinking#now look guys we are here for one important reason to get free swag
to get free swag#(sings) swag i am gonna grab forever / stuff that i really do not need / swag
(sings) swag i am gonna grab forever / stuff that i really do not need / swag#(sings) i am gonna have forty key chains / and i do not even have forty keys / swag
interested in learning a procedure that could save your life ?#(sings  la the "remember" part of the song) more free stuff more free stuff more free stuff more free stuff
um all i have are these spec sheets#(still singing while nodding to the spec sheets) more free stuff more free stuff more free stuff
(laughs) the wild man of wichita#i still have not forgiven you for putting that dead goat in my bed
he wasn't dead till you rolled over on him#(furious) i will kill you you son of a
(cracking up/whoops)#(very drunk) to texting
gibberish (shuts off phone)#(flatly) hello everyone
homie what happened to you ?#i overslept lost my cell phone missed my flight
why did not you call us ?#all the payphones at the airport were replaced by selfserve yogurt i had all the cookie dough toppings a man could want
well i guess all that matters is everything's back to normal#(very flat) yes back to normal
yeah it is tough being man of the house you left some big underpants to fill i did not know they made underoos in size fiftytwo#(serious) they are called "superoos" son with pictures of the cast of "the expendables"
why did not you strangle me ?#(calmly) that kind of small scale violence solves nothing
could not agree more now to celebrate (pulls lid off platter) tada pork chops crusted with cheeto dust#uh i will pass on the pork
(loud spit take noise)#i will just enjoy these green beans with slivered almonds (rapturous) mmm so slivered
dad what is that on your lap ?#a napkin
glad you are back buddy you have got a lot of catching up to do#(noise of pain then) can i just get a glass of water ?
(whispered) i have been having snuggle dreams#marge i changed in boise i am not sure a man who eats right and does not drink can be good in bed
ext simpsons house  springville  continuous)#(seductively) you are so beautiful when i cut you off in the middle of a question
(whispered excited) oh my what is that thing you are doing ?#(seductive halfwhisper) moving my body
(intense) something happened to dad on that trip this is worse than when he went to new orleans and came back with the southern accent#(southern) how y'all doin' ?
int simpson garage  continuous)#(inaudible mumbles to self)
(imitates cat's meow)#if you are a cat prove it do you hate mondays like garfield ?
(angry cat noise)#and do you love lasagna like me ?
(agreeing cat noises)#okay then
i have not heard anything about you except from you#(eerie calm) hanging up the receiver eh ?
(scared) how much did you hear ?#how much did you say ?
nothing really#so i heard half of nothing
dad you are scary when you are calm and focused#lisa i will miss you when this is all over
when what is all over ?#this conversation
(relieved noise)#see you on the other side
(alarmed) what other side ?#of the house where the fireplace is we are toasting marshmallows (ominous) marshmallows
do not talk#okay
i want you to know i am the best there is at finding out what you are up to#(impressed noise)
i can torture you i can give you incredible sex or you can just tell me what i want to know#what was the first one again ?
i see you are stupid#hey i am the one in bed with two beautiful women
(surprised noise) you think i am beautiful ? (touched noise)#in a breaking and entering kind of way
(noise in her sleep)#let's just say i have got to get to work on time and if you knew me you would know just how odd that sounds
(drowsy) who are you talking to ?#no one
ext springfield nuclear plant  establishing  morning)#( la islamic call to prayer) heere's the climax
( la islamic call to prayer) heere's the climax#what everything's been building toooo /
what everything's been building toooo /#hope it pays off for youuu
whatcha got there homer ?#weird thing under a tarp
(happily) do not forget me#(grim) you laugh now but you will not be laughing soon
dad#(puzzled noise)
(puzzled noise)#how'd you get in here ?
please do not do this dad i do not know what horrors you saw in boise but it is not worth blowing up everyone you love#i am not blowing up the plant just harmlessly stopping it from doing more damage to mother earth
is that something your terrorist masters told you to tell me ?#(sarcastic) yes my terrorist masters are always talking about you lisa
(sarcastic) yes my terrorist masters are always talking about you lisa#i missed my flight so i got in a vanwith some ecofriendly activists they wanted gas grass or ass and brother i had the ass
i missed my flight so i got in a vanwith some ecofriendly activists they wanted gas grass or ass and brother i had the ass#they taught me something i found shocking pigs are not happy to be made into pork chops this tshirt lied to me
pigs are not happy to be made into pork chops this tshirt lied to me#and they also gave me an alcohol detox
and they also gave me an alcohol detox#(agonized) i have been listening to this song for three days and it is only the end of the first verse
int plant  present)#lisa i have never prayed to a city in my life and if i did it would be hershey pennsylvania i was kneeling on the affirmation rug they gave me
lisa i have never prayed to a city in my life and if i did it would be hershey pennsylvania i was kneeling on the affirmation rug they gave me#see ?
see ?#(reciting quickly) ow this rug is hard on my knees ow this rug is hard on my knees ow this rug is hard on my knees
(singing) if he comes acallin' you would better hide#lisa the most horrible truth of all is the plant where i work poisons our water and our air
i have told you that a million times#(sweetly) aw sweetie you have told me a thousand things a million times even with a brain the size of a dinosaur's i could not take that in
(sweetly) aw sweetie you have told me a thousand things a million times even with a brain the size of a dinosaur's i could not take that in#anyhoo this canister is full of spoiled milk and utilitygrade chicken
anyhoo this canister is full of spoiled milk and utilitygrade chicken#both sold to me by apu this morning
both sold to me by apu this morning#when i release it into the a c system it will stink up the plant forever
(putting it together) no one can use it but no one gets hurt#(nods) just like when i smell up the toilet
there he is use your fattest handcuffs#hey hey it is not what you think lou lou lou lou (ululating) lulululululululu
(to homer) we did it dad we did it#(weakly) we sure did
you weren't shot#no i was just up late watching a movie something with william holden and
you know dad just because your mission's complete it does not mean you have to go back to pork eating and beerdrinking#a beer from the sky it is a sign
( la devito) i am the borax i speak for the woods but i have plastered my likeness on consumer goods#shut up
(humiliated) aw geez (to homer) strangle me out of this fatso#why you little i will teach you to make medical history
why you little i will teach you to make medical history#oops
oops#all good
all good#(annoyed grunt)
ext simpsons house  establishing)#(passing by) hey boy since you do not need a bedroom any more i finally get my man cave
(passing by) hey boy since you do not need a bedroom any more i finally get my man cave#man cave everyone's welcome to my man cave
i think we have made some progress here#great oh and i have this "two heads for one" coupon (hands it to her)
well that is for lettuce#how 'bout this one ?
how 'bout this one ?#"one random disorder free with every schizophrenia"
that is mine but it is expired#(annoyed grunt)
int night club  evening)#(sips beer) should've chopped off bart's head long ago
int simpsons house  kitchen  a little later)#ooh mixins
ooh mixins#(asleep noises falling down stairs noises then) sonofa (then more falling down stairs noises then sleep noises)
disbelieve as the strong man pulls a wagon with his bare tongue#(sings) this is the song that you hear at the circus / sung by a guy that you see at the circus
(sings) this is the song that you hear at the circus / sung by a guy that you see at the circus#(long tongue annoyed grunt)
mr burnsum you should treat these poor people with respect#marge get away from those freaks you belong to me the dumb hairless brute
well you are the best this circus has to offer#(flattered noise) taste the strength of your fianc
with the mighty tongue god's given you why can not you speak kindly of these imperfect angels ?#marge they knew what they were getting into when their parents sold them to the circus
my mother's ring (small sob) she gave it to me on her deathbed she also acquired it on her deathbed that was a very busy deathbed#(awed) with an emerald that big i could buy anything  a jalopy an icebox a steamer trunk full of fedoras but how do i get my hands on it ?
(awed) with an emerald that big i could buy anything  a jalopy an icebox a steamer trunk full of fedoras but how do i get my hands on it ?#i am an idiot of course i get marge to marry moe then i kill moe then she gets the ring then i marry her and the ring is mine and the brilliance of my plan is its simplicity
you are gonna be sorry you said that#you are gonna be sorry you said that
int marge's wagon  later)#hey marge you wanna marry moe ?
i am engaged to you my love#the poor lonely fellow is about to die
really ? how ?#let me worry about how but you know you could make his last day a happy one and the ring is just the icing on the cake
what ring ?#the ring that'll get me outta this lousy circus and into a good circus now let's get you married
the ring that'll get me outta this lousy circus and into a good circus now let's get you married#but will not you be jealous my love ?
but will not you be jealous my love ?#(dismissive laugh) dear i am not the jealous type and from you i have learned to feel compassion for these disgustos
(sincere) moe whatever small time together we have will be wonderful#ho ho ho a very small time
ho ho ho a very small time#those are strange things to say but a wedding is no place to worry about threats from the bride's former lover now the toast
those are strange things to say but a wedding is no place to worry about threats from the bride's former lover now the toast#(toasts) to you marge now you are one of us
(toasts) to you marge now you are one of us#(chanting) one of us gooble goo
what are you doing ?#(exasperated) trying to kill moe so we will get his emerald by the way i have not checked but emeralds are valuable right ?
(exasperated) trying to kill moe so we will get his emerald by the way i have not checked but emeralds are valuable right ?#(gasp) strong man moe may be ugly on the outside but inside you are the true monster leave my trailer forever
(gasp) strong man moe may be ugly on the outside but inside you are the true monster leave my trailer forever#you are rejecting me ? but i am in the best shape anyone is in the nineteen thirties
one of us gooble goo one of us gooble goo#what the hell does gooble goo mean ?
we do not know gooble goo we do not know gooble goo#(gasps) you killed burnsum ? now who is gonna say "step right up" ?
one of us one of us (continues)#this is exactly why circus attendance is plummeting
int simpsons house  day)#and that kids is how i met your mother
poor chip such a big part of everyone's life#(somber) people called him the sixth simpson not sure why
(sings loud) get up / everybody's gonna move their feet#(sings loud) get down / everybody's gonna leave their seat (does instrumental)
(sing) you gotta lose your mind in detroit rock city#man this is the weirdest pregnancy craving ever
well for some reason it relaxes me now do that thing gene simmons does#overstay my welcome for forty years ?
int alley mcballs  day  the past)#(moans) i am thinking about it
(moans) i am thinking about it#(shudders) that is the coolest bowling ball i have ever seen
(shudders) that is the coolest bowling ball i have ever seen#hello bear stearns ? i'd like to sell all my apple stock so i can buy a fancy bowling ball you heard me technology is a fad heavy blue balls are the future
now let us text on our ubiquitous apple tablets and phones#(sad moan to ball) you cost me a piece of all of that
(sad moan to ball) you cost me a piece of all of that#aw do not cry (brushes tears away)
if it makes you feel worse i am the man who bought the stock you sold#i will bet a rich man like you has no regrets at all
speaking of return on investments my apple stock is up thirtyfive hundred percent#(moans) you misheard that on purpose
int marge's bedroom  the past)#(reading) um it says i should give you "lumbar support" better go to the lumberyard
anything from "love gun"#hey book are you expecting this ?
hey book are you expecting this ?#and while i am at it burn dumb helpful books
and while i am at it burn dumb helpful books#that is a good fire
ext springfield street  day)#(to ball) we have had some good times
(to ball) we have had some good times#and you sat on the gas pedal when my foot fell asleep so i am gettin' you shined up nice
ext sporting goods store  day)#what the ? (anguished noise)
unfortunately all our cannonballs were melted down to make a statue of joe paterno which we changed to look like eugene levy#i think i just might have what you are looking for
int town square  moments later)#today i am glad that i sold that stock
apple closed up another twenty points today#why does everyone know ?
homer's rising faster than apple stock#my boy's okay
you know what i think about regrets ? as long as your family is together every choice you have ever made is the right one#and together we are
feels like this play date's gone on forever#i will handle this (talking as he texts) "dear weirdo pick up weirdo kid" and send
i think i am gonna throw up the mac and cheese you fed me i am not supposed to have it that is why i had so much#what the ? (sotto to marge) if this kid's dad is not here in one second he is going in the garbage can
"you only live once"#once again cats have it better
(chuckles) i am sorry but does kirk know how silly he looks ?#look at me i am afraid of dying (chuckles)
and every night / the ending's the same#(sadly singing) no dream will come true
(sadly singing) no dream will come true#(sadly singing) you only live once (sobs to tune of intro to "you only live twice")
int simpson house  living room  day)#(loud sigh) i am tired of livin' once
i can not believe i am saying this but i am starting to regret saying yolo#marge if you do not mind i am gonna quit complaining about my life and start wallowing in the past
postage marked in pesetas ? who are those letters from ?#my old pen pal from spain eduardo
my old pen pal from spain eduardo#back in fifth grade you either had to write to a foreigner or a prisoner i picked a foreigner because the prisoners wrote back too fast we'd write each other with our dreams of the future
back in fifth grade you either had to write to a foreigner or a prisoner i picked a foreigner because the prisoners wrote back too fast we'd write each other with our dreams of the future#(sad) i was gonna be king of cheeseburger mountain (wistful) did i change or did they stop making mountains out of cheeseburgers ? probably a little bit of both
(sad) i was gonna be king of cheeseburger mountain (wistful) did i change or did they stop making mountains out of cheeseburgers ? probably a little bit of both#so sad
int simpson house  living room  later)#if you are my wife's secret lover come in there is nothing i can do for her anymore
(spanish accent) i am looking for my amigo de la pluma or "pen pal"#(gasps) eduardo ? is it really you ? why are you here ?
to save the soul of homer simpson (beat) now where is he old man ?#(excited) i am homer simpson
(quick worried spanish prayers then) did your hair burn off in a fire that trapped you in a candy factory ?#i wish
buenos dias eduardo can you write back and tell me what that means ?#what happened to us eduardo ? we had so many things we were going to do
and i my friend have been doing them#yeah well listen pal i have my treasure my wife and my children
i have had eight wives and two hundred children among them artists doctors and revolutionary chefs#do you have a disrespectful son who calls you by your first name ?
(passing) hey homer did you just fart ?#(mad) did you just fart sir
easy easy homer i want to help you fulfill some of your childhood dreams#really ? now ? i have two pizzas coming i wanted to see who would get here first
now this book of your childhood drawings will come to life#why are you doing this ? (suspicious) wait are you in love with me ?
in love with the concept of you yes#woohoo i am an attractive concept like liberty
woohoo i am an attractive concept like liberty#one more ride ?
int homer and marge's bedroom  night)#i do not know what it is about having all my dreams fulfilled but i feel great
(a little melancholy) if you are happy i am happy#(puzzled noise) that does not sound happy
i feel kind of melancholy (sad)#mmm melon collie
that is not helping#well what was your childhood dream ?
(thinks then) jumping on the bed but i never disobeyed my parents till i married you#(sexy) let's do it
i am a little tired could we just snuggle again ?#we do that every night (encouraging) come on jump on the bed
ext springfield tapas bar  night)#eduardo i have not felt this good in years you are like the tooth fairy except you do not collect human bones
here#so that is it ? all my dreams lived ?
(evasive) eh all but one#well we have gotta do it i never leave a job unfinished it is as true now as that week i worked on the high school yearbook so much infighting i had to get outta there
all right homer we shall do this thing#the editor put in like six pictures of this girl 'cause she was his girlfriend
rocky the flying squirrel#um actually my hero was the actress who provided rocky's voice june foray a true legend in the voiceover community i am just gonna stay on the plane and think about her influence
well this knife's got to carve something (eyes dart)#(exhausted flapping noises)
homer#(exhausted "yes" noise)
you do not have to flap just glide on the wind#(completely exhausted) okay
ext sky  day)#i am doing it i am flying like the squirrel i always knew i was
i am doing it i am flying like the squirrel i always knew i was#(when he is indigo) ooh indigo
homer#(startled noise)
come down homie "you only live once" also means when you die you die#(scared noise)
you can listen to your wife when you are dead savor the moment#majestic eagle just like me unashamed of his baldness
majestic eagle just like me unashamed of his baldness#so beautiful
so beautiful#aw he probably sees a mouse he wants to tear in half
aw he probably sees a mouse he wants to tear in half#(annoyed grunt) stupid tallest building in springfield
good luck with that the only thing that'll change my mind is a sign from god#son it was so beautiful i went faster than the speed of sound
my friend you have lived your dreams#no matter what homer simpson has done it and soon i hope i remember who homer simpson is and his relationship to me but i have no regrets in fact all this has given me a sense of calm i have never had before
that is the morphine#can you give me the morphine forever ?
no way a person on morphine all the time would constantly dissolve in inappropriate laughter (big chuckle)#(in his sleep) eduardo ? eduardo eduardo
(in his sleep) eduardo ? eduardo eduardo#(disappointed) oh it was all just a dream
it was not just a dream and you said you would drive me to the airport#(not thrilled) oh yeah great um do i drop you at the curb or do i have to park and walk you in ?
(quick) american football#no time for breakfast marge just give me a banana
no time for breakfast marge just give me a banana#now listen i have to work late tonight
again ? i was hoping you could spend some time with the kids#it is a tough economy money does not grow on trees
int carl's apartment  night)#it grows on threes (laughs)
(sighs) you have got the touch tonight homer#nice sunglasses lenny
what ? what are you lookin' at ?#i'd better call it a night guys i do not want to take any more of your money
i'd better call it a night guys i do not want to take any more of your money#who is president now alexander hamilton ?
(rhythmic panting then checks watch) two minutes apart#timing the elevators eh ? smart
no no (breathes heavily) i am timing my contractions i think i am in labor (deep voice) deep in labor#(stifles panic then) okay okay no worries
(stifles panic then) okay okay no worries#what the ?
(panicking) do you have a cellphone ?#(gently) everyone has a cellphone (beat) mine's at home
(screaming) the most beautiful moment of my life is happening now#everything will be fine um (friendly) oh you uh you like movies ? this reminds me of that scene in "alien"
what ?#the scene where she escapes with the cat at the end
aw that is sweet listen i am glad i am not going through this alone i have not seen my boyfriend in months#(faking it) oh he was just here
no he wasn't (smiles) but thanks for lying#you like lies ? (trying to calm her down) here's a few college is expensive but it is worth it
(alarmed) i think the baby's coming#okay homer remember your lamaze training
now this next position is fantastic for women who are carrying especially big homer can you demonstrate ?#(big comfortable noise) yeah wow that does feel good (worried) oh no i think it is coming (panicky) i have not even picked a name yet
(loud) you did this to me#no i did not
i am talking to the baby here it comes#um i do not know how to tell you this but your baby does not have any legs
what ?#oh oh wait there is more
(newborn baby sounds)#(reverent) it is a dude and he is uncut (impressed) very euro (sweetly) now hug your mommy
(reverent) it is a dude and he is uncut (impressed) very euro (sweetly) now hug your mommy#for unto you is born this day in this elevator inspected in august 2009 a baby
well it was nice to share this moment with someone who cared#yeah that guy did not even look over once
(drowsy) how was work ?#(beaming) miraculous
(suspicious noise)#mothers are so awesome
int hallway  continuous)#(upbeat) good game everyone i never dreamed a night where you would discovered i was cheating and beat the crap outta me could end on such an up note
(pleased gasp) homer#hey gretchen
i had your jacket cleaned#good as new and thanks for loaning me your sweater for the ride home it may be a little stretched out
so you wanna hold little homer ?#wow so now there is two things named after me  a baby and a law banning air horns after three am
wow so now there is two things named after me  a baby and a law banning air horns after three am#(talks through held nose) aw that is sweet
i thought we were playing cards#um hey i was just driving by with some baby stuff we did not need and uhhere's some diapers maggie's too big for an incredible educational toy i forgot to give bart
thanks hey could you babysit for an hour ? i have been alone with the baby for days#wow i'd love to help but i did kind of have plans for tonight
full house ? you win again#(looking at gretchen and homer junior) i think i will be good tonight and stay in with you
(looking at gretchen and homer junior) i think i will be good tonight and stay in with you#(baby talk) where is hoju ? where is hoju ? (shrieks now terrified) where is hoju ?
(baby talk) where is hoju ? where is hoju ? (shrieks now terrified) where is hoju ?#(doppler) where is hoju ? where is hojuuu ? (sobs)
int scratchy's house  day)#kids blow up so fast
ext swapper jack's  day)#(surprised noise)
homie ? aw you are shopping ahead for maggie#(casually) oh no i am shopping for homer junior a baby i delivered in an elevator the night i pretended to go to work but was really playing poker
(furious) what ?#oh yes i am shopping for maggie our baby together so this looks perfectly innocent
why are you saying that ?#oh you know how the first few weeks are sleep deprived walking around in a fog
first few weeks of what ?#um november
int apartment building  hallway  continuous)#excuse me
if he is not in there where is he ?#oh baby
oh baby#oh baby shake it homer like
int gretchen's apartment  continuous)#shake it now roll over on your tummy just like i taught you
int apartment hallway  continuous)#tell me what a cow says
(moos)#(short shriek) my other baby mama
so this is where you have been going  another woman's apartment#marge it is not what you think
you have a baby together ?#oh it is cool we did it in an elevator
(shocked realization) i am a schwarzenegger wife#(kindly) but you are also the housekeeper so it is all good
it is not good none of it is good#(trying to please her) i have not had a drink for a week
so then you delivered her baby right there in the elevator#it is true even the other guy in the elevator he is right here
(to homer) well i am glad you did a good deed but you should not come here again i thought that was strange poop on your collar#(choking up) goodbye homer junior i guess you are the man of the house now and never forget even though the mortgage is due on the first you can usually wait till the seventeenth (loud sob)
you know what ? i think it is fine if homer spends a few hours now and then with (gritted teeth) homer junior#exactly you always said charity begins at home  but not which home
ext springfield atoms stadium  day)#and now to sing you a lullaby my father sung to me
and now to sing you a lullaby my father sung to me#(sings) sleep sleep sleep sleep / sleep sleep / sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep sleep
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#(a bit slurred) oh man i really overdid it tonight
(upbeat) late night at moe's eh ?#no i am exhausted from (performing it) "head shoulders knees and toes knees and toes" it is the "toes" that get ya marge it is the toes
(annoyed) what about your own children ?#way ahead of you marge i am taking all four of my kids to the zoo tomorrow
three#yes we will be back by three homer has a very tight nap schedule
quit talking about that baby#i was talking about myself in the third person
ext springfield zoo  day  establishing)#i wanted you all to be happy together so i brought you to the zoo where all the animals live in harmony
okay guys i got your ice creams#hey oh oh oh now maggie we do not hurt each other in this family
are you nuts ? you can not even kiss me goodnight without slicing me with your stubble#(furious) why you little i will give you a goodnight kiss you will never forget c'mere you
dad we are missing "the giant capybaras of (overpronounced) uruguay"#can i just say goodbye to him quick ?
can i just say goodbye to him quick ?#okay i know what'll cheer you kids up seeing me outmonkey the monkeys
okay i know what'll cheer you kids up seeing me outmonkey the monkeys#(monkey noises)
(monkey noises)#(monkeylike taunts) i have a soul and you guys do not (monkey noises)
if they get her in their warrens we will never see her again#look shiny keys jingle jangle
look shiny keys jingle jangle#(chuckles) stupid monkeys
this is the last time you will see that elevator baby#(lip quivering) i am sorry homer junior you will occupy an idealized place in my heart that no one can never quite fill (sobs)
ext springfield street  day)#okay i have got to impart all my fatherly advice in this one walk the sky is blue but no one really knows why do not believe what they tell you girls are great and terrible at the same time get used to it and most importantly oops we are here you will have to figure it out on your own
int gretchen's apartment  continuous)#(sadly) sorry little fella one day i will be that guy who comes to your wedding makes you feel a little weird and then runs away
homer great news chase came back#woo hoo who is chase ?
(emotional) oh my god is that my son ?#you did not tell me he was a soldier
i did not want you to marry me because i was pregnant i wanted you to marry me because i was nagging you#(heartbroken) um he likes it if you tickle his toes
dude he is my kid he likes what i like#but nnnnurture
he does baby he does#(sadly) i guess this is it little guy
dada#(pleased gasp) the most beautiful words a father can hear
dada dada#oh
hey one day you will have kids of your own#i do
int homer's car  continuous)#hi maggie if you could talk i know you would have a few choice words for me
hi maggie if you could talk i know you would have a few choice words for me#(touched noise) you want me to take care of your dolly ?
(touched noise) you want me to take care of your dolly ?#that is the sweetest thing any baby has ever done for me
this is what we are fightin' for babe#hey what is this marching band have to do with homer junior ? (beat) what ? there were cheerleaders in our house ? and nobody told me ? (agonized noise)
ext simpson house  that evening  establishing)#ooh spaghetti
ooh spaghetti#(answering phone) y'ello lisa you got a call from someone named isabel
(excited squeal)#(into phone) may i ask what this is regarding ? (listens) oooh a budding new friendship ? oooh (hands phone to lisa) boy how come you can not get a new friend ?
so you were going through a phase ?#all right eighties party where is the beef ? tear down that wall because i think the beef is behind that wall
all right eighties party where is the beef ? tear down that wall because i think the beef is behind that wall#now get up here boy we are gonna do the super bowl shuffle
(entering attic) no you never let me be mike singletary#fine you are mike singletary enjoy your mediocre coaching career
fine you are mike singletary enjoy your mediocre coaching career#(rapping) my name is homer / i am a real full back / gonna run that ball / do not want no flack
(rapping) if you try to run / you will get a heart attack#why you little (chokes bart)
cgi also convenes cgi america a meeting devoted to economic recovery and job creation#(moans) you used to be fun
ms simpson what would you do to get america out of afghanistan ?#that is our girl
ice cream sandwiches why ?#what your mother is trying to say is we do not think you can be good that long
(admitting) well that is sort of what i was trying to say but#what your mother is trying to say is
(admitting) yes#get real ding dong you have already done so much bad stuff skinner's never going to let you on that boat
(to bart) do not listen to them they are the ding dongs#(stunned noise)
thanks mom i will start by taking my plate to the dishwasherwherever that is#(scoffs) marge i love bart as much as you do but actually not and that kid cannot go one week without getting in trouble now if you would be so kind as to start my car for me i am going to moe's
(blowing murmurs)#ooh thank you
ext back yard  continuous)#what the ?
(to lisa) that is not where i buried them#come on
ext springfield dock  day)#(sympathetic) hello boy at times like this there is not much you can say especially if you do not know what happened
(small sob) skinner did not let me go#(consoling) really ? hey i bet that submarine is not so fun anyway
i know a kid should never turn to his father for help but i got screwed is there anything you can do ?#as i always say do not get mad get dinner then get even (grim) with skinner
you will really help me get revenge ?#(grim) yes what is skinner's weakness ?
everything#good we can use that
i did everything for you and you stabbed me in the back#wait a minute i knew you were a neat freak skinner but you beat your rug till it bleeds ?
still i can not be sure i killed her#well i am sure our town's police force will handle this competently
not compared to this#let me handle things just go upstairs and shut the door there are some things only a boy should see
let me handle things just go upstairs and shut the door there are some things only a boy should see#(quiet chuckle)
(quiet) now do you want to dispose of this jellysoaked pillow ?#(quiet grim) just call me "the cleaner"
(gently) she is in a better place#(grim) the deed is done
(disgusted noise) i wish you would asked me before you#look you kill them i get rid of them that is always been our deal but i do have one question do you want the head ?
(extremely upset) no no god no#well if you change your mind it will be in my freezer but only for a week got a lot of ice cream comin' in
if this were a movie mother would not let me watch it#now i am afraid it is time to start your new life you will be hunted on the run searching for the man who killed your mother which is you so avoid mirrors
(sincere) i do not want to sound ungrateful but could i eat one of the potatoes ?#sorry but dick fiddler is allergic to potatoes
i understand#(muted chuckle)
thanks for stickin' up for me#(chuckles) someday i may have to fake my own death and maybe you can help me with that
sure dad#(urgent) someday soon as in what are you doing this friday ?
ext simpson house  early morning)#(shrieks) dick fiddler
seymour when this fat guy and his kid asked me to fake my death to punish you i said "sure that is something to do"#you know when you glare like that you look really beautiful
(happy noises)#(picking up bottle grunts then sad drinking glugs)
homer you have to take the halloween decorations down before you put the christmas ones up#marge to that i say boo humbug
meteorologists warn there'll be no snow this christmas anywhere in america not even in alaska where the eskimos now have a hundred words for "nothing"#global warming huh ? by pure coincidence every scientist was right
(very disappointed noise)#snow ? (giddy laugh) snow
int nuclear plant  homer's cubicle  continuous)#(pulls off glasses overjoyed) oh you know what this means kids ?
(pulls off glasses overjoyed) oh you know what this means kids ?#i do not have to pick up the dog poops (overjoyed sobs)
ext simpson house  later  establishing)#oh good marge remarried after i died (beat) wait a minute i am not dead what is goin' on ?
these are our new boarders#uhuh no way i am not sharing my bed with anybody except you (re midwestern dad) and maybe that guy lincolnstyle but that is it
this is a great thing we are helping people celebrate christmas and we will be able to afford christmas#oh i do not know it will not seem like christmas without opening up a giant credit card bill in january
oh i do not know it will not seem like christmas without opening up a giant credit card bill in january#(reading) what the "the simpson bed and breakfast ?" (chuckles) i always wanted to stay in a place like this
(reading) what the "the simpson bed and breakfast ?" (chuckles) i always wanted to stay in a place like this#(taken aback) but christmas is a special time and i like to spend it in the warm embrace of watching football
homer simpson ask yourself  "wwbjd ?"#(puzzled noise)
"what would baby jesus do ?"#well this crazy scheme is the kind of impulsive behavior i want to encourage in you (thinking noise) i am in a hundred percent
well this crazy scheme is the kind of impulsive behavior i want to encourage in you (thinking noise) i am in a hundred percent#i am on a break
(impressed noise)#(pouty) fine i will drink alone
i do not think you are giving them what they were promised dad#the secret is do not read the comment cards
where do the people sit ?#i thought they were just gonna watch me
i have opened up my house to you and all you do is fill this joyous season with petty complaints#ho ho ho
not now take out that pillow and put it in room three#the pillow acted as a girdle
now dad i'd like to give you your present#(conspiratorial) you got me weed ?
even better they are bags of seeds so that you can plant a garden and watch it grow#that is great sweetie after all that time and hard work i will have (furious) radishes ? it is the most hated part of salad which is the most hated part of dinner radishes nothing but radishes
dad stop#what ? i am saving them from the struggle of life
well at least you are eating vegetables#vegetables ? (spits them out)
(gently) children perhaps it is time that i explain the true meaning of christmas#shut up flanders
(clears throat)#oh right we are still doing that
oh right we are still doing that#come on i will drive you to the airport
come on i will drive you to the airport#where are my keys ? oh right here
ext nuclear plant  day  establishing)#oh boy monday morning chit chat at the water cooler the only reason to have done stuff over the weekend
(getting it) oh#wait you guys saw the new radioactive man sequel ?
actually this one undoes the stuff from the last one so it is a deboot#stop talking i have not seen it yet
yeah if you have not seen it then you gotta leave the water cooler#but what if i want some cooled water ?
yeah so he would not be tortured by his past when he was born in the future#(worried noise) they are talking about the movie (to crotch) hurry up you idiot (trying to pee faster noises) no no do not stop i am sorry i got mad (desperate persuading) i will do that thing you like
(through milkshake) i die but come back to life after the credits#(annoyed groan)
(inspired) sometimes we feel there is nowhere left to turn much like radioactive man when he had to kill his own antimatter twin#(sings) amazing grace / how loud i sing / to drown the spoilers out shut up shut up shut up
ext simpson house  evening  establishing)#okay i have gotta go see the radioactive man movie before it gets totally ruined for me
if bart's going i am going#if you all go then i have to pay for a babysitter
we will call that nice girl who is getting her masters in child development#emilybeth ? we can not afford emilybeth she brings her own puppets
bye bye maggie#bye bye money
int theater  ticket window  continuous)#two adults two kids (re grampa) and one senior with the mind of a baby so he should be free
for the 3d show that'll be seventytwo dollars#more snip less lip
or for ten dollars more you can see it in imax hobbit frame rate virtual reality vision#all right movie you better be worth it
all right movie you better be worth it#the motorcycle dudes are chicks
the motorcycle dudes are chicks#i wonder what else is chicks ?
also available in "arctic slut" "morning after melon" and "elon musk"#hey they tricked us that is a commercial if i wanted to pay for commercials i can not skip i'd sign up for hulu plus
hey they tricked us that is a commercial if i wanted to pay for commercials i can not skip i'd sign up for hulu plus#(incredulous) you are shushing me this guy's on his cell phone she is texting he is sexting and that guy brought a baby to a nine o'clock movie
(latino) that is negative man#what happened to the movies ? first they got worse than tv and now this
chins up homer you do not need a theater to watch the movie (sneaky) you just have to illegally download it#illegally download it ? is that legal ?
(quickly) the fox network forbids the broadcast of stepbystep instructions for illegally downloading copyrighted intellectual property in the meantime please enjoy this footage from nascar's 2011 martinsville cup#wow that was easy all i had to do was click on
and play#bless you boy that was the greatest thing i have seen on a computer that i can talk about with you in the room how did you know how to do that ?
int nuclear power plant  break room  day)#guys guys i saw the radioactive man movie here's my ten favorite scenes from worst to best  number ten when what is his name did that stuff with those dudes number nine
i like that he is not good at shooting does not say funny quips or do any james bond stuff#shut up shut up shut up
homer go to the theater and see the movie#(contemptuous) theaters ? all i need to see this movie is a laptop and a website based in a country that is really just an offshore oil platform care to join me ?
all we want is brand new big budget entertainment in our homes for nothin' why does not hollywood get that ?#gentlemen i am inspired to create a theater for the people  an experience free of all the nuisances and gouging of modern day moviegoing
no more jerks telling me not to talk on my cell phone#and best of all we will never have to sit through another annoying commercial again
and best of all we will never have to sit through another annoying commercial again#welcome to "cinema piratediso" tonight's movie is "life is funny" directed by judd apatow it is based on his life starring his family and adlibbed by his friends so for the next three and a half hours enjoy
you are the one who hired the korean taco truck for our private school fundraiser#(chuckles) i live it he writes it
(chuckles) i live it he writes it#(excited) well what'd you think ?
this is fun and it was so nice of the movie company to let you show their film#let me ? uh sweetheart i downloaded it off the internet (suavely) illegally
an illegal download ? but hollywood says stealing from hollywood is wrong#(scoffs) why should a regular guy like me have to spend fifteen bucks a ticket so studios can pay huge salaries to the air buds and ray liottas of the world ?
ext simpson house  backyard  evening)#i now present direct from the computer of an angry editor at a special effects house "cosmic wars episode seven"
i am here to arrest and hopefully stage the prison suicide of the mastermind of this operation  homer simpson#(flattered) ooo mastermind
we got our man thanks to a tip from a heroic american snitch#one of you turned me in ? who was it ?
one of you turned me in ? who was it ?#you
you#superintendent chalmers you never forgave me for that time we wore the same hawaiian shirt to that luau
ear plugs in blinders on we trained for this#(frustrated climbing noises)
from now on the only place you will be watching movies without having to buy a ticket is jail#baby promise me you will find out who turned me in
(guilty noise)#it is probably someone i would never suspect never suspect
(guiltier noise)#your moans of sympathy are all i have
(guiltiestiltiest noise)#whoever did this will be haunted by unbearable guilt forever
whoever did this will be haunted by unbearable guilt forever#forever
int prison bus  continuous)#(timid) what are you guys in for ?
drug trafficking what about you ?#(meekly) movie piracy
(building cold fury) my brother lost his job as a grip on a movie set because of piracy he had to sell his jet ski a grip without a jet ski ain't no grip at all#(scared noise)
ext highway  continuous)#(terrified noise)
(terrified noise)#woo hoo
homer what are you doing out of prison ? you have to go back and give yourself up#i can not go back to jail there is no shampoo just soap
(chuckles) this consulate is like being on swedish soil you are as safe here as you would be in the skatteskrapan#(impressed whistle)
bah your hollywood studios are the real thieves  claiming all their hit movies have lost money i spit on their bookkeeping#yeah and why do not they make a sequel to "taken" where the "hangover" guys get taken and the only ones that can rescue them is "fast and furious"
i am so tired of being trapped in this embassy#(sweetly) consulate
(sweetly) consulate#(helpful) consulates are regional offices which serve the embassy in the capital
(helpful) consulates are regional offices which serve the embassy in the capital#thank you so much for sticking with me through all this you are the greatest wife in the world
it was me i was the one who told the fbi#you ? how could you ? you are my own flesh and blood
i was just trying to do the right thing who would have thought the authorities would use a confession against me ?#have you forgotten what you promised at our wedding  to love and cherish to aid and abet ?
i never wanted to say funny vows#well you did and they got laughs solid laughs
i did not mean for this to happen but (small) you were stealing#all i ever had was you looking out for me i have got nothin' now
homer simpson you have been found guilty of illegal reproduction and distribution of copyrighted material before sentencing do you have anything to say for yourself ?#(pouty) no
homer tell them your side of the story i know i hurt you but please trust me now it will work#you know what judge apatow i do have something to say these movie people may say i am a pirate but i am just a man a man who loved hollywood too much so i made my own rules and fought the big guys who tried to destroy my way of life
but where is the love story ?#at first my wife did not believe in me maybe we forgot why we fell in love in the first place
at first my wife did not believe in me maybe we forgot why we fell in love in the first place#but when times seemed darkest one minute ago she was there and gave me the strength and courage to fight for what i believe in
he is hitting all four quadrants#one family against all odds took on the system and lost
and the worst one of all is#i will sign with whoever can convince channing tatum to gain the most weight to play me
surprise#what the hell is all this ?
it is still got time code on it but otherwise it is a clean copy (chuckles)#(realizing) you are pirating my movie ?
(realizing) you are pirating my movie ?#the hell you are piracy is stealing you are taking money out of my family's mouths
but the movie is it is about you pirating movies#oh that is hollywood fantasy we live in the real world where i have something called (pointing at different springfielders) "profit participation"
(disappointed) homie#now all of you go see my movie in the theater the day it opens no bargain matinees
now all of you go see my movie in the theater the day it opens no bargain matinees#and tell your friends it was great buy the stuff they advertise in the commercials before it
and tell your friends it was great buy the stuff they advertise in the commercials before it#homer in the movie wears ask body spray and so should you (calling after them) do not ask do smell
homie do you really think you should be#up bup bup bup bup what have we learned about not blindly supporting our husband ?
homer#(muffled) what ?
would you take me to buy a comic book tuesday at midnight ?#and miss the back half of jimmy kimmel ? that is when he experiments boy
you never watched an episode of jimmy kimmel in your life#(defiant) yes i have after the oscars when he forces you
quiet quiet and attention please valued customers you will each be allowed to enter the store and buy one copy swallow your gum now#(loud gulp)
wrong wrong wr or is he ?#c'mon buddy i gotta get home and climb into bed with my loving wife
oh right you have a loving wife ?#marge and i get along perfect we are like george burns and john denver
marge and i get along perfect we are like george burns and john denver#(groans) man carrying these kids is hard on my back
(groans) man carrying these kids is hard on my back#(relieved noises) and now to moe's
ext simpson house  day  a few days later  establishing)#bart your comic vendor's here
actually it is you that i am here to see i um i need your help in getting ready for a date the closest thing i have to a father is the obiwan doll in my store and he comes from a race of celibate knights so#i will help you as long as our bellies never touch again like they are right now
(grossedout noise)#but why pick me ?
does anyone tell you that you look like the man on a box of mr sparkle ?#(heard it many times) aka ni taishte burei da yogore o yaburu
(upbeat) in japan drinking your detergent is a popular method of suicide#(startled) honki da yo ?
but the walls are covered with garbage#(correcting) not garbage americana
homer i want you to take kumiko and comic book guy a housewarming present and maybe check in on them ?#we have talked about this marge the hammock is a chorefree zone
and getting the termites out of the trees#not a word
excuse me sir i am looking for my daughter i thought this was her residence but all i see is a store full of nonpornographic manga#(gasps) you are kumiko's father ? (puts hands together and bows) welcome sensei
i am not kung fu instructor i am humble salaryman who could kick your ass say has anyone told you you look like#i know mr sparkle
i was going to say like you are going to have a stroke#(chuckles) i get that a lot too
now please where is my daughter ?#okay she moved in with her boyfriend well he is not a boy he is immature but fat and old
so an obese nerd has stolen my daughter to live in his basement ?#i did not tell you about the basement
homer we have much in common we both (kindly) love our daughters and (firmly) discipline our sons#no discipline would imply i am trying to make him better so are you married ?
(dramatic) snake rice wine#now that is disgusting wine made of rice ?
(drunken moans)#why did not i stop with the snake wine ? why did i drink the fish wine ?
the good thing is soon i will be a beautiful swan#(anguished) what is going on here ?
dad bart's feet are on my half of the shell#(to bart) why you slimy little ?
how long am i gonna stay this way ?#as long as we keep drinking this
ext springfield nuclear plant  morning  establishing)#(sings to tune of "silver bells") glowing rods / glowing rods / (angelic) it is making me / weak and dizzy
(confidential) rumor has it they are about to give out the company christmas gifts#who told you that ?
(impressed) look at you mr connected#i hope it is better than last year's lousy gift
(excited) finally i am not a slave to my stupid human eyeballs#(commanding) glasses call lenny
i am getting a call (commanding) answer call (friendly) hello ?#lenny it is me homer
huh i always thought it was simpsen#really ? do not you ever look up at the sky ?
perfect bad movie bad pun even bad paper stock#(chuckles)
what is so funny ?#i am watching videos of idiots wearing these glasses and not paying attention to the world around them
i am watching videos of idiots wearing these glasses and not paying attention to the world around them#look at these jerks
i do not understand what is so great about these state of the art solarpowered computoglasses#i will let you try them on right after i decide if these videos are "funny or die" (beat) funny funny die die funny funny but the guy died
(annoyed murmur)#now a simple sunday drive will reveal the hidden wonders of our hometown
now a simple sunday drive will reveal the hidden wonders of our hometown#woohoo
woohoo#(annoyed grunt)
int car  continuous)#springfield city hall was built for the spencer tracy movie "meet me at city hall" it was just a flat wall with nothing behind it for thirty years
(pushing noises)#the rearview mirror was invented in nineteen eleven for just this reason
interesting when was the term "shut up" invented ?#as early as eighteen fiftynine "shut up" was used to shut up
homie i think the kids are just hungry#glasses direct me to the nicest restaurant i can afford
accessing soup kitchens#(mad noise) that is it i am taking you off
(mad noise) that is it i am taking you off#(shrieks) reality
i am sorry sir#okay let's see what we have got here
okay let's see what we have got here#(grossedout noise hungry noise eating noise etc)
(snuggling noises)#squeeze here rotate there pause for sweet talk (loving) oh glasses you are so wonderful
(pops head out) are you using your glasses for snuggling ?#where is my money ?
where is my money ?#(pops out wearing goggles) but the avatar looks just like you
i am afraid wives do not make passes at husbands in those glasses#glasses find me a great gift for my wife (loud whisper) under five dollars
i heard that#glasses take me two minutes back in time
glasses take me two minutes back in time#marge
(angry pancake flip)#about the glasses
(angrier pancake flip)#i am really sorry and
(three angry pancake flips then) here's your breakfast#(aghast) only five pancakes ? you are trying to kill me
well i am not happy with you#look honey i know these glasses are a radical new technology and should be worn in moderation is not that right glasses ?
yes just like i told you#(fondly) anyway i am giving them up (foreboding) to whoever dares take them
ext nuclear plant  day  establishing)#hey everybody
that is strange i am hearing a voice but i am not seeing a user icon#carl it is me i am here really here
hey homer a lot of information about you let me just page through it#ow
ow#stop
stop#wait
wait#what (moans) no one can live in a nonaugmented reality i need another pair of glasses
int nuclear plant  burns' office  day)#um mr burns sir ? can i get another pair of glasses ? maybe two pair one for the beach house can i also get a beach house ? two beach houses
um mr burns sir ? can i get another pair of glasses ? maybe two pair one for the beach house can i also get a beach house ? two beach houses#monitors ?
monitors ?#what the burns gave us those glasses so he could spy on us
what the burns gave us those glasses so he could spy on us#this is a violation of our human rights
this is a violation of our human rights#okay so let's see what we can see
okay so let's see what we can see#solitaire top hats on ebay angry birds fan fictionguy doing really easy crossword puzzlelenny doing carl's clown makeup
solitaire top hats on ebay angry birds fan fictionguy doing really easy crossword puzzlelenny doing carl's clown makeup#someone's actually working
someone's actually working#(beat) maggie ?
(giggle)#(touched) awww (realizing) wait a minute since marge is wearing my glasses i can see everything she sees uhuh i should not watch this
(to maggie) such a good baby you deserve some ice cream#wait a minute (growing anger) marge said we were out of ice cream
wait a minute (growing anger) marge said we were out of ice cream#(stunned noise) what else is marge hiding from me ?
maggie he is here#(alarmed) is she having an affair ?
thanks for asking me to lunch#(moans) why is not she having an affair ?
(mad) who are you ?#(scared) mr burns
(apologetic) i am so sorry mr burns i will not disturb you again#marge that is a compactonly space
marge that is a compactonly space#well who knew you were such a rebel ? now let's learn more about my wife's secret life secrets which can only be good
(sighs) okay i guess#(shocked) marge is in therapy ?
well he is down to two beers in the shower#(offended) pale ales please
(exasperated noise) everything in the newspaper makes him mad#not marmaduke never marmaduke
ext moe's  evening  establishing)#marmaduke was horrible today also marge is in therapy and she did not even tell me
whoa she has crossed a line how did you find out ?#spied on her with a hidden camera (sips) she thinks i am selfish she thinks i do not spend enough time with the kids
what ? that is crazy come on you work your butt off in a radioactive hellhole and what do you get ? not one lousy superpower#i guess the only choice is to come clean and tell her what i know and how i know
whoaho bad idea no no chicks do not like finding out they are being spied on i speak from looooooooooooooooooong experience now you gotta make it seem like you found out by accident there (snaps fingers) ooh next week youse schedule an appointment with the therapist after hers and then you "bump into" midge in the waitin' room there#moe that is great how do you get your ideas ?
(chipper) hello homie dinner's almost ready pork chops with my secret seasoning#yeah you do like your secrets do not you marge ?
ext bungalow  day)#uh i am here to check in for the three o'clock
please fill out these forms mr fakinami#that is "fake name"
i will just call you elias#that is "alias" duuh
dr carlock is like my wednesday reset button#(realizing) oh my god marge needs this it lights her way through the dark path of marriage to me
come on in mr fakinami#no need everything's fine
(gently) i am sorry but there are no cancellations within twentyfour hours#well as long as i am paying for the time
int carlock's office  a little later)#ow where'd you learn to cut hair idiot ?
oh i forgot to tell you homie i bumped into helen lovejoy today and guess what ?#(at peace) i do not need to know marge you deserve to have your secrets
it is not a secret it is a funny story#okay marge but first well i have something i need to tell you something i did you might be mad about and rightly so
oh i bet my story's more interesting#woohoo i tried okay
okay so helen lovejoy told me that she made her famous snicker doodle bundt cake for the church sale and she put in salt instead of sugar (chuckles)#yeah and ?
that is it that was the story#where is that cake now ?
it got sold#who bought it ?
dr hibbert#excuse me i have to make a call
do not take too long#okay hibbert's in surgery but they are having him paged
okay hibbert's in surgery but they are having him paged#wait something's wrong (after adjustment) that is better
(a little irritated) allow me to introduce our guest speaker#(annoyed grunt)
dad ? please ? for sumadi ?#(sotto) sorry son i only have twenties and if god needs money why does not he just write another bible ? the first one sold pretty well
please#(kindly) all right son but you have to pay me back
(contented sigh) life is good#(leans in) do you have my money ?
what ?#(sotto) do you have my money ?
how could i ?#(sotto) right right too soon (short beat) do you have my money ?
ext restaurant  sunday morning  after church)#seriously do you have my money ?
ext little league ball field  day)#where is my money ?
ext springfield elementary  playground  later)#(as bart spins) where is my mon ey ?
well there is one fun fact i have been saving for an emergency situation did you know there really was a duncan hines ?#where is my money ? do you have my money ? where is it ? you know if you had the money i am right here do you have the money ?
homer quit badgering the boy#pressure's how you make your beloved diamonds marge
i do not have any diamonds#quit pressuring me
(feebly) here's your money dad#(genuinely forgot) what ? did you owe me some money ?
and homer here's your bill for four thousand dollars#(annoyed grunt)
(worried murmur) bart's usually first in line for taco night but now he is "muy tarde" (concerned noise) is it all right to say "tarde ?"#hey you have said it twice marge you are in pretty deep
homer#(mouth full) ten minute rule
int simpson house  a little later)#(growing anger) sit sit sit sit sit
(growing anger) sit sit sit sit sit#(furious) i do not know what that is but it is not sitting
i saw him heading across the field after school with a kid a little bit older and undoubtedly wiser#oh i know what that means there comes a time when a boy sneaks his first beer finally i was beginning to think that kid was a teetotaler
bart simpson at your service#more like "at your sixpack" am i right ? (chuckles) it is okay if you need to take a little nap
why would i want a nap ?#(getting irritated) because you are so drunk you can barely keep it together
that does not sound like you#but it does sound like the kind of lie you would make up after the first time you got blitzed
i met this kid a little older kind of strange i do not think other people get him but i just wanna hang out with him all the time#(gasps) it is even better than i thought you have found your moe szyslak in just a few short years you will be getting your version of baked on your version of pot listening to your version of journey (chuckles)
(gasps) it is even better than i thought you have found your moe szyslak in just a few short years you will be getting your version of baked on your version of pot listening to your version of journey (chuckles)#(puzzled) what is he doing ?
yes bart that is how you conjugate the verb "to do" (smiles) well done#(annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  living room  day)#okay in your terms points are like mice
(falcon screech)#do not interrupt i just thought it would be nice if we shared an interest
you korean girls know what a soldier likes#(hurt) fine but the game is much more enjoyable if you understand it
(hurt) fine but the game is much more enjoyable if you understand it#look the eagles and the falcons tell me you are not interested in that
look the eagles and the falcons tell me you are not interested in that#(exasperated noise) i could fly too if i did not have a wife and three kids
he is just riding the thermals from dad's butt#at least someone in this family is using them
diggs is not cuckoo#uh listen boy maybe you should spend more time with your old best friend you know dweebler
then why is diggs there ?#because it is his home forever
ext springfield elementary  day)#i am eating the food of the future (like robot) beep boop what is love ? boop beep boop
lisa i'd like to thank you for mollifying these land apes we'd like you and your family to visit us at the monsarno research campus#ooh campus do you have a statue of the founder i can stick a funny hat on ?
ext monsarno research labs  day  establishing)#(urgent) go go go
(urgent) go go go#(giggles)
(correcting) doctor sideshow bob#real doctor or phd ?
(chuckles) look at me i am sideshow bob#(shrieks) sideshow bob
wait wait will not you visit me again ? let me show you i really am trying to make a better world lisa we can talk walt whitman and homer i think you would enjoy the company of the campus's lazy overfed squirrels#"overfed ?" i do not know this word
this is the pinnacle of conversation around here#fine i will take you they have this cool psych class at the campus i sat in on
(sotto to homer) that was a sexual harassment seminar#it does not matter i am taking it passfail
you already ate all the chocolate bars#that is why i have got to get the marshmallows down fast
int simpson house  marge and homer's bedroom  night)#i like how they cut them down from a hundred and forty characters to a more manageable twenty characters
(enters sadly) another seminar tomorrow i just wish i could connect with those teenagers since it seems like we will never have any#(chuckles) marge teens can not control their urges it is why there is never been a teenage president
are you saying i am wasting my time ?#no i am saying you are wasting everyone's time but it is a church thing so that is a given
shut your eyes they are too bright#sorry
that means three days ago the two of you made the blob with two backs#(mad) listen you punks if you can not handle the image of our naked bodies in the tender act of aooga you should never have come to the basement of this holy place
(disgusted noise) he is touching her#what the
i will sign the pledge just get your fat heaving buttocks out of my head#never
(sings) non pi andrai farfallone amoroso#how dare you torture my children with mozart
(stops) ahh you know mozart ?#i call all music mozart
(through kissing) oh urgent notice (concerned murmur)#if it is not final who cares ?
(kissing noises)#(short slightly aggravated sigh) if it is important they will call back
mom dad the retirement home lost its license and grampa has nowhere to live#(identical loud annoyed grunts)
(identical loud annoyed grunts)#(annoyed grunt) that man can not remember anything except our number
this place is unlivable#(shaking fist) my contract clearly promised "barely livable"
like i said a lotta violations#oh i guess grampa's coming home with us (to marge) unless what about that nice dog boarding place ? the really good one where they each have their own dog "partner"
no kennels#you are right bad idea bad idea should we just y'know drive by and take a look at the place ? (off marge's look) bad idea bad
do not get fat#honey grampa is the closest thing i have to a father and i love him but three octogenocerouses ? (rhymes with "rhinoceroses")
homie homie we will be old someday#speak for yourself (mimes drinking) glugglugglug (mimes overeating) chompchompchomp (collapsing noise dying gasp then like flatlined heart monitor) beeeeep (chuckles) my lifestyle is my retirement plan
(annoyed) homer how are we doing with those cots ?#(struggling noises then) uh c'mon boy your job is to guide me
well i really think you should watch your temper#(mad) i mean down the stairs you stupid kid
"stupid kid" do you really think that is the way we should communicate ?#(furious) you just wanna see your old man trip and fall well sorry to disappoint you lad but what the
int simpson house  tv room  continuous)#i have had it up to here with those freeloading wrinkle bags they pee all night they cry all day and every time they use the computer the font is huge
(sweetly) dad did it ever occur to you that we are learning how to take care of you when you are older by watching the way you treat grampa ?#have you seen how he treats my grampa ? never visits him never even acknowledges his existence
your grampa's alive ?#oh yeah
please#okay (chuckles) you know i love him too in a manly way that never shows itself
(weary) oh i will see what i can do#i can handle them from now on marge
i can handle them from now on marge#gentlemen i have been thinking my glorious youth and beauty will not last forever someday when the leaves have turned and the moon has broken apart into chunks of floating cheese i will be old
what is your point pound cake ?#i am hoping we can find a way to coexist
ext springfield street  dawn)#(satisfied noise) wow never had breakfast at six in the morning before
int springfield mall  continuous)#(annoyed) oh when does the exercise start ?
yeah we are mall walking#(thrilled) oh my god this counts as exercise ? i am barely moving and i am smelling cinnebun sometimes you have to wait till you are thirtyeight to discover who you really are (dramatic) i am a seventynineyearold man
now say something pathetic#(excited) uh okay (thinking) um (pathetic) i can not
well thanks for the chicken dinner how did you know i wanted one ?#all you gals like chicken dinners marge
do not call me a gal makes me feel like i am your mother#(shivers) better turn up the heat (walks to thermostat)
are you wearing sock garters ?#young lady in my day
(interrupting) your day is my day we are the same age (loud gasp) you are turning into your father#(grampalike sputters then homer voice) you will not feel so bolloxed once my social security checks start coming
they are not coming for another twentynine years (gasps) did your earlobes get longer ?#falsies
i know a place that serves an early early bird breakfast steak and eggs for fifty cents and it was forty years ago#(sweet sighs)
(sweet sighs)#(alarmed) oh my god i know that kid we have gotta help him
i'd love to but i am sure that it is some sort of a holiday for me#fine your generation did its part when it won world war two and created the rockford files i have got this one
fine your generation did its part when it won world war two and created the rockford files i have got this one#(whiny) oh it is so hard running in sand (continues on with difficulty)
(whiny) oh it is so hard running in sand (continues on with difficulty)#no no i can not be old yet (heroic) i will not let the ravages of time catch up with me till i am fiftytwo
no no i can not be old yet (heroic) i will not let the ravages of time catch up with me till i am fiftytwo#i am coming at you with all the power of a reverse mortgage
ow ow (scared) no i have never really been in a fight#now let's go home son
(turned on) ooh what is your hurry ?#we have got ten minutes between the kids falling asleep and the old guys waking up
int simpson house  master bathroom  morning)#"lisa" (next post it) "wants" (next post it) "a" (next post it) "dot dot dot"
"lisa" (next post it) "wants" (next post it) "a" (next post it) "dot dot dot"#guinea pig ?
int nuclear plant  homer's workstation  later)#(annoyed noise)
and when they get excited they jump straight up  it is called popcorning#lisa got to you i do not know how but she got to you
lisa got to you i do not know how but she got to you#(grim) emojis now she is gone too far
"i lisa simpson hereby promise to take full responsibility for this dog cat other#(helpful) circle "other"
"this includes feeding bathing cleaning of droppings and barfings and when the time comes burying or flushing"#(quickly) boilerplate boilerplate boilerplate we can skip all this litter box stuff if pet becomes internet superstar all rights revert to father sign here here initial here one more over here and done
oh my god  i am getting a guinea pig thank you thank you thank you thank you thank you#(sagely) the kidparent contract  unenforceable yet you feel like you did not completely cave
you are doing the right thing adopting a rescue pig you know most of these guys are rejects from the big guineapig mills in the midwest (shakes head) oh i can not tell you how many mill pigs we get here who have bumblefoot or the slobbers#(kindly) you do not have children do you ?
lisa you have just gotta choose one lisa ?#she is gone honey she is gone
okay this is the guinea pig that will make me happy#(sotto to marge and bart) she thinks she is decided do not say a thing do not blow this
ext rural road  day)#fighting tweakers rule
no that is a much bigger animal#kettle corn the heroin of the farmer's market
(sighs) well i guess we have to go to an art gallery and buy a new painting#sure we could go to a fancy gallery and spend a bunch of money or
milhouse played the violin for years until it turned out the vibrations were screwing up his bones#yeah these seem great (sniffs it) oh too bad someone used cello rosin
this could be our new living room painting#i do not know how 'bout this poster of a really rockin' jukebox ?
i do not know how 'bout this poster of a really rockin' jukebox ?#you know it is rockin' 'cause music notes are coming out of it
oh it looks great#well to me it looks like garbage salad but that is the great thing about art everyone can have their own opinion about why it sucks
we should have it appraised#(scoffs) you guys are crazy i have never even heard of that guy it is not like it was painted by leonardo da vinci code
(scoffs) you guys are crazy i have never even heard of that guy it is not like it was painted by leonardo da vinci code#now ere's what makes art valuable 1 nudity 2 holograms 3 something terrible happening to jesus
i expect it to go somewhere between eighty to one hundred thousand dollars#(small gasp) nobody touch it bart stop looking at it
but i want to see it#no you will wear it out
no you will wear it out#baby you saw something in this painting and you were right
wow the van houtens owned this for years and never knew how much it was worth think how happy they will be when we sell it and split the money with them#split it ? whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
int simpsons car  later)#whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
int simpson house  master bathroom  later)#(mouthful of toothpaste garbled) whoa whoa whoa
ext kiddie playground  day)#whoa whoa whoa
ext simpsons back yard  day)#whoa whoa whoa
ext simpson house  early evening  establishing)#whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa split it with them ?
kirk and luann did not know what the painting was worth when they sold it#yes they sold it to us so now it is our painting we can hang it on our wall cut eyeholes in it to spy on people or sell it for lots of money which we keep
for ourselves ?#this dude gets it
but the van houtens are our friends#i do not know what you are talking about (calling inside loud whisper) hide the treasure
i do not know what you are talking about (calling inside loud whisper) hide the treasure#are they marge ? if you think about it are not they really just the parents of a kid who happens to hang out with our kid ?
well how would you feel if we sold them something that turned out to be valuable ?#i would feel a) happy for their good fortune b) proud to know rich people and c) grateful for an opportunity to learn from a mistake
how about this what if we give the van houtens twentyfive percent of the money ?#then they will just be mad about the sixtyfive percent that we are keeping
int simpson house  backyard  day)#marge you like kindness right ?
sure#so even if we gave kirk and luann some of money the knowledge of what they could have had will eat away at them like piranhas devouring a wounded yeti
so even if we gave kirk and luann some of money the knowledge of what they could have had will eat away at them like piranhas devouring a wounded yeti#homer looks into marge's eyes
homer looks into marge's eyes#(thoughtful) it is kinder never to tell them
okay i see your point we should sell the painting keep all the money and never ever tell the van houtens#what'll it take to buy your silence ?
ext toy store  later  establishing)#okay milhouse the guys in back are putting your new bike together
i guess#"i guess" (fake laugh) you are funny no wonder lisa's in love with you
you found out that painting was worth big bucks and you weren't gonna tell us ?#we had a deal (whispered fury) and now we have got nothing
kind ? you call it kind to give us nothing ?#we were gonna treat you to dinner at an upscale chain restaurant and never explain why but now forget it
oh so that is how it is#that is exactly how it is
oh is it ?#oh it is
(shocked/angry noise)#(calling after them) oh that was cold luann so cold (sarcastic shivers) brrrrr sarcastic brrrrrr
see what happens when we get greedy ?#(serious) honey there is something i wanna show you
an atm receipt ?#i do not know whose this is i found it next to the cash machine and i have always kept it look at the balance
receipt) five figures#with that painting we could have what these people have (holds up receipt) a money cushion no more living paycheck to paycheck one lost retainer away from the gutter
i could write a check with today's date on it#(nodding) that is the cushion
great now we are raccoons  the masked bandits of the animal world#do not worry no one's gonna see this stupid show
(reading) "give back the painting" the whole town's turned against us#(reading) "you have no obligation to share the money from that painting" ooo a support rock
(pointed) you really think we are still doing the right thing ?#just close your eyes and think of the cushion
"untitled landscape" by johan oldenveldt from the collection of homer j and marge b simpson let's open the bidding at eighty thousand dollars#(excited) the paddles marge look at the paddles
(bangs gavel) the auction is on hold until we can determine the true ownership#our cushion
see what your greed has done ?#excuse me we are trying to find "caf artiste"
thanks for taking me in man#i guess i can not help but feel fully responsible
oh luann i will never gaze from my thick eyeglasses into your thick eyeglasses ever again#what you need my friend is a canadian duff beauty eh ?
what you need my friend is a canadian duff beauty eh ?#so why does that chick think she owns the painting ?
(morose) dawn and i went on a vacation to a resort island called isla verde i bought the painting in a caf but that night she ran off with a parasailing instructor#not your fault man those parasailing guys take whatever they want
int kitchen  moments later)#okay all i gotta do is take a quick ferry to isla verde find caf artiste and they will back up kirk's story that will prove the painting was his  and now ours
he is been playing dancing revolution for hours but the tv is off#(plaintive) but our cushion
you are not gonna let it go are you ?#i wish i knew how
this is so exciting my first time establishing provenance#yeah yeah yeah just remember if your mother asks i took you to a wine tasting
that is a terrible thing for a father to do#that is why she will believe it
welcome to caf artiste would you like a glass of strupo ? it is a liqueur made of fermented capers the official drink of the island#sounds delicious (takes a sip) it is not (then) hey a friend of mine uh bought a painting here
oh yes i remember that painting and that is the man i sold it to#and that man sold it to me
and that man sold it to me#that proves the painting is mine and nothing can stop me from selling it and keeping all the money
that proves the painting is mine and nothing can stop me from selling it and keeping all the money#i love art
i painted it me klaus ziegler#who ?
this is where i painted your socalled oldenveldt#prove it
prove it#oh crap
(disgusted shudder)#then why did the auction house say it was real ?
what ?#now let's play human foosball (blows whistle)
but you still i mean (sighs) i suppose you are right#what if i never liked the painting and only wanted it for money ?
(annoyed noise)#oh great the painting is worthlessthis was all for nothing and when marge finds out she is gonna kill me
well on that front perhaps i can be of assistance if there is one thing art is good for it is to melt the frost which often hardens a woman's heart#while you are at it could you make me a couple more ?
while you are at it could you make me a couple more ?#(selling) i will pay you in strupo
oh perfect now that is art#rockin'
(aggravated moan) okay dad's my hero why is he my hero ?#marge it happened again
my hero is not famous#(to self) loser
is not rich#(so self) pathetic
and is not in any history books#(to self) he makes me sick
he is my dad#(stunned noise)
(impressed noises)#the trick is wait several weeks
(repeating) that is what heroes do#(sniffles) i am so glad i was forced to come
ext simpson house  back yard  day)#(sings) 'cause i am a grade school hero / lisa never lies / i am a grade school hero / and heroes never die / (doing air guitar belts out) just one guitar slung way down low / yeah one guitar / where did my lawnmower go ?
hey dad#lisa your speech was one of the nicest things anyone's ever done for me
lisa your speech was one of the nicest things anyone's ever done for me#when did you come up with the idea ? you must've worked on it for days
oh dad you do not want details no one wants to see the sausage being made#there is sausage being made ? where ?
homie there is someone here to see you#coming (to lisa) i have not forgotten about the sausage
(melodious african accent) mr simpson i am the executive vice president of the world football federation#(excited) ooh
what you americans call "soccer"#(annoyed grunt)
i am sure you are familiar with the world cup the quadrennial drama unmatched on the planet#oh yeah that is the thing the guys at the drycleaners get so excited about every four years
oh yeah that is the thing the guys at the drycleaners get so excited about every four years#of course i am but how do you know ?
oh your daughter's speech went viral#(shrieks)
i mean it spread like wildfire#much better
(to homer) mr simpson i am the new executive vice president of the wff we need outsiders like you to come to the world cup as our guests and ref our games properly#well no one has ever has questioned my professionalism except at my profession
well no one has ever has questioned my professionalism except at my profession#(to lisa) what do you think sweetie ?
dad they are offering us an allexpenses paid trip to the greatest sporting event on earth#the two thousand eight super bowl ?
the two thousand eight super bowl ?#it is okay i am an american
oh i wish eli manning's pass to david tyree (fistbumps homer) but about the world cup i need your answer now#(shrugs) sure why not ?
int airliner cabin  day)#(reading) "congratulations on your purchase of a footmaster brand soccer ball" thanks book
look you got us a free trip just slack off and cash your check like you always do#i believe the sweet little girl in twentyone d would disagree with you
i believe the sweet little girl in twentyone d would disagree with you#what the ?
(very disgusted noise)#(impressed) look at you using approved electronic devices
eu gostaria de um hang on hang on placa de hang on hang on#here you go honey (hands her skewer)
how'd you eat the meat without the vegetables ?#(shrugs) the stomach wants what it wants (small burp) i need some air
ext restaurant  later that night)#ah brazil i could not stay afraid of you forever the only thing that keeps me from living here is that fish that swims up your pee stream that is a deal breaker
homer simpson i would like to congratulate you on your fine officiating today#thanks i still can not believe the yellow and red cards do not stand for mustard and ketchup
well ?#(with grit) you do not know the new me of the last few days at all
we have two ways two very good ways#red card
(spanish accent) let me give that back to you#get outta here
while you were out the gamblers sent up goldfrosted donuts a chocolate bowling ball and a fresh pork sandwich#(fighting) how fresh ?
(loud squeal)#(exasperated noise) where is your mother ?
int rio de janeiro  hotel room  continuous)#give the donuts to the hotel staff release the pig and the bowling ball into the wild
dad is it hard for you to turn these bribes down ?#yes but knowing that lisa chose me as her hero without ever considering any other hero keeps me strong
yes but knowing that lisa chose me as her hero without ever considering any other hero keeps me strong#why so quiet ?
i am just examining what kind of person i am and whether i should destroy your happiness forever (thinks) eh why not ?#i am listening and it better be devastating
you weren't lisa's hero she just swapped you in at the last minute because someone else did her real hero#oh my god that is that is shattering and now i am a man in pain in the naughtiest city since san francisco turned all nerdy
where are you going ?#to drink until there is no pain left in my soul but first i am gonna eat off someone else's room service tray that was left in the hall
the world cup final#fine marge is always complaining i never fix things (to bartender) give me another
all right but we have run out of sugarcane#i carry my own
int referee's tunnel  continuous)#if i bet it i could double it but on who ? (strokes chin)
you know that brazil is going to win#(sarcastic) thanks for telling me i was gonna tape it
remember i will be watching#wave a brazilian flag so you will stand out in the crowd
do not do it dad do not cheat#(hurt) you are a funny one to tell me about deception
i am sorry you weren't my first choice in fact (small moan) i had my doubts about using you at all#well if we are going to be brutally honest that drawing you made of me when you were three was far from a perfect likeness
you put it on the fridge#it was pityfridged
all right you are hurt i understand but when i made you my hero you lived up to it and more you became the hero i thought you could be dad#(incrediblytouched noise) oh come here
(incrediblytouched noise) oh come here#everything's right with the world
everything's right with the world#that is all right brain if i die i will be doing the thing i love the most trying not to get killed
no penalty he dove dad#no penalty
no penalty#i repeat no penalty
i repeat no penalty#no penalty
you broke a deal with us and we have lost a fortune#well at least i will die the american way in a foreign country wearing short pants
ext graveyard  late afternoon)#no penalty
wow the amazon is just like i pictured it after seeing all those pictures online#(nods) i have never seen anything so beautiful
ext sky  day)#(incredibly loud snore)
(incredibly loud snore)#(wakes up) heyhey what
(wakes up) heyhey what#(moan) cleats
(groans) homie what happened ?#um maybe some easylistening music will make you feel better about the story turn on eightynine point nine
um maybe some easylistening music will make you feel better about the story turn on eightynine point nine#like most of my problems it all started at moe's
ext playground  late that night)#once intoxicated we had a great idea
(anguished) the only way out is in#hey look at me i am going up a slide
hey look at me i am going up a slide#best recess ever (falling noise)
best recess ever (falling noise)#help me guys guys ?
senator#(moans) am i gonna die on a playground like some uncoordinated child ?
(moans) am i gonna die on a playground like some uncoordinated child ?#(philosophical) but i did learn something from all this the sprinklers in this park come on at three am
(weary sigh) i will come back with the fire truck i just have to get the kids to school first#oh are the kids with you ?
hi dad / homer#hey guys why are you ducked down like that ?
at least we hope it is bottom#do not worry it is bottom all right
it is pronounced "lucadollar" that is my competition name i am a competitive eater#competitive eater ? did i hear right ? i could be a competitive eater ?
no you did not hear anything#yes i did i heard "competitive eater"
it is for people who have not had heart problems#(entering) then that makes me the jackie robinson of the sport and you are the racist philadelphia manager
quit comparing me to ben chapman#i will when you open your mind to change
really ? "justin blobber" over there does not remind you of anyone ?#eight hundred dollars to cut me outta that slide ? it is all about the money with those firemen
int simpson bedroom  dawn)#she can smash a salad
she can smash a salad#("dog running in his sleep" noises)
("dog running in his sleep" noises)#what the ?
oh there is my magazine why look at this (reads) "what every father should do for his daughter"#(groans) marge if you want me to do something just tell me do not hide behind a magazine
right right right right (reading) according to judy kleinsmith a professional freelance writer fathers should take their daughters out on little dinner dates and treat them like a gentleman would then she will expect the same from the men in her future#(can not believe his good luck) wait let me get this straight sit and eat ? that is my punishment ?
it is not a punishment but you can not just eat dinner you have to be gentlemanly and attentive#oh i can fake attentive i have been watching a football game this whole discussion
not fake attentive real attentive#okay okay we will make it fun i will take her to that crab place all the crabs you could smash
(frustrated) no homer you can not just do the things you want to do you have to act like someone you would want lisa to marry if you just act like yourself she might just (catching herself noise) oh you know ? (moans)#she might marry someone like me ? (realizing stunned) you think that would be bad ?
(gently) homie i love you but you can be a challenge like doing the daily jumble#marge you are comparing me to the most infuriating thing in the newspaper
well i was just trying to#(coldly) i am sleeping on flanders' couch tonight ours is crap
ext moe's  night  establishing)#so marge says i gotta "ask lisa on a date"
now you quit stallin' and call your daughter like a man#(groans) feels weird
(quietly) omigod omigod omigod#oh it is ringing
(over the phone) hello ?#(suddenly nervous) uh hello lisa i know your brother and (frustrated moan)
(suddenly nervous) uh hello lisa i know your brother and (frustrated moan)#stupid stupid stupid
(on phone) dad ? did you just call ?#uh yeah hey listen your mom thinks that maybe you and i should have dinner together sometime
just the two of us ?#(small laugh) yeah i knew you would think it is dumb
i'd love that see you tonight#woohoo i got a date with my daughter
(reads) hair volumizer cologne ?#(serious) hello marjorie
homie you look like an nba coach#(haughty) yes well it is a special evening and i thought it best not to look like a monkey
(impressed murmur)#(serious) do not worry i will not embarrass you i will put my napkin in my lap i will use the utensils provided for me and if our food is slow in coming i will (air quotes) "blow my stack" in a manner befitting the earl of yarborough
all right you have made your point#hey i can not screw this up or lisa will get stuck with someone like me
hey i can not screw this up or lisa will get stuck with someone like me#ooh pepperoni
homie i do not have a problem with you (noticing) except your buttons are off one (helping him) actually this is a collar button see ? it goes like this (fidgeting noises)#(frustrated groan) is there no end to your faultfinding ?
(frustrated groan) is there no end to your faultfinding ?#maggie help me with this shirt
so mr burns never realized it was maggie who saved the plant ?#nope now how is that drink ? can i temple up that shirley ?
(snooty slight accent) well have we decided ?#uh yeah help me out here what is the "normal amount" of entrees per person ?
eh one sir#i mean for adults
one#no i mean for adult males
yes i repeat one#(aggravated noise) all right i will have the lasagna
all right meat or vegetarian ?#oh uh (moans sadly) vegetarian (loud whisper) can the red sauce be cow blood ?
homer could you come with me for a minute ?#marge please control your jealousy this is your daughter
(firmly) we need to have a conversation in loud whispers#um excuse me lisa
um excuse me lisa#a friend from high school
i am stuck with you i could not stop loving you if i tried#i am sorry that is all very nice but i can not forget what you said
i know homie i know you well enough to know you are not ready to forgive me yet but i also know you well enough to know that this will work#where'd you get that dress ?
remember that sewing machine you say i never use ? well i sold it and bought this dress#wow wow that looks just like the dress you wore on project runway
shshsh#oh right i mean this looks like a dress from a local springfield store all is forgiven let's have dinner
and your lasagna with cow blood sir#thanks frenchy
(hoping against hope) please let it be a bear that did this#(moan of great pain) oh how much did i eat ?
(moan of great pain) oh how much did i eat ?#(moans)
homie you can not keep doing this to yourself#pfft i am as healthy as a horse
horses only live thirty years#(stunned horse noise)
if you could just ease up on the eating after three am (voice trailing) that is all i ask#(rising) marge is right i am gonna walk upstairs take her in my arms and tell her my good health starts now
(rising) marge is right i am gonna walk upstairs take her in my arms and tell her my good health starts now#legs pumping blood flowing
legs pumping blood flowing#two at a time (in pain) heart exploding
two at a time (in pain) heart exploding#(falling downstairs noises)
(falling downstairs noises)#all that is left are clever last words
stop stop with the wailing and the gnashing and the (glavenlike murmur) homer is not dead i have made a copy#i am number two
(touched) oh dad you are back just in time for my recital#(mutters) somebody kill me
now homie i hope you will use this second chance to live a more sensible life#amen baby did you make potato salad for the wake ?
oh heya midge uh here we are again huh ? (small laugh) and uh here my new card#i am back comin' through
i am back comin' through#(chuckles) yeah i can die all i want  frink's got homers like the tuileries has park benches huh ? wonder where i picked that up
homer you will be all right but no solid food for two weeks#(annoyed moan) two weeks ?
we are gathered here to mourn the passing of yet another homer simpson beloved father precious memories local character etcetera (chipper) okay we are ready for the crematorium bot#wait a minute
all is not lost i was able to download homer's brain into this flash drive it will have to do#yo where is my body ?
oh you used up all your clones you fat fat fat reckless fat pig from now on you are just going to be a face on a monitor so enjoy screensaver mode#bonk bonk bonk ooh corner badonk
ext simpson house  day  establishing)#hey kids wanna chase grandpa homer around the house ?
(sadly) after thirtyfive years of wifely obedience i am married to a face on a screen#it is not exactly fun and games for me either marge
it is not exactly fun and games for me either marge#(then) oooh "goody gobble"
(then) oooh "goody gobble"#(chomping noises then) woohoo liquid center powerup
things are not great with lisa if it wasn't for that squirrel that eats our bird food we'd have nothing to talk about#uh marge ? 'scuse me uh i think i need a reboot
uh marge ? 'scuse me uh i think i need a reboot#just stick the tip of your pen in that little hole and hold it for fifteen minutes
nothing for thirty years you are perfect for each other#no no no do not pull me out before you click eject that hurts like a mother
int bart's apartment  continuous)#son can you put me in 3d for a second ?
son can you put me in 3d for a second ?#(furious) why you little i will teach you to emulate my sloppiness
sorry i am just a little creepedout by that screensaver#(whistles)
ext bart's apartment  hallway  day)#'bout time
'bout time#hey where is my junk ?
hey where is my junk ?#whew
wow wow you have really grown we should have dinner sometime#sure
sure#body to moe's
ext playground behind lofts at springfield elementary  day)#(getting whacked noises) open your stance a little there (more getting whacked noises then chuckles) yeah that is it do your worst kids
(getting whacked noises) open your stance a little there (more getting whacked noises then chuckles) yeah that is it do your worst kids#come on hug your grampa boys
come on hug your grampa boys#(ominous) threat perceived terminate terminate
(ominous) threat perceived terminate terminate#(hearty laugh) kids are so afraid of being terminated
(hearty laugh) kids are so afraid of being terminated#lookin' good santa's little hybrid
wow everyone's back together except gramma and grampa#(smoothly) i think that is about to change
no i am going to join him forever#(chomping noise)
after thirtyfive years of marriage we have finally gotten it right#(british accent) yes even my personality has gotten shall we say an upgrade
(british accent) yes even my personality has gotten shall we say an upgrade#whoa that is a bit of a woohoo indeed
on the next week of fox television's "the simpsons"#sit down
ext tipsy mcstaggers  later in the evening)#(a little tipsy) well better get home the delightfulness ended hours ago
ext simpson house  morning  establishing)#(agonized moan)
ext simpson front door  seconds later)#(disbelief) why are you doing this to me booze ? i drank every kind of you
see ya homer / bye dad#(woozy) have a good day you two do not be me
ext springfield elementary  afternoon)#(to bart) do you know how embarrassed i was to get a call at my arraignment for my behavior during the pub crawl because of a voodoo curse my son placed on his art teacher ?
i did not mean to make her pregnant i just hate art so much#oh everyone does son that is why they lock it up in museums where no one will ever visit
so uh your boy's got magic knockup powers huh ?#hey i created three kids and no one's making a big deal of that
not true whenever i compliment your virility you act all weird and you are very virile#(weirdedout noises) yeah well just talk about sports
no problem wish i had that tom brady's libido#(weirdedout noise)
homie i can not find my spatula can you get another one ?#flanders can we borrow your spatula ?
that was my spatula#(shocked) and you never bought a replacement ?
ah too much aggravation we just forego flipped food#(annoyed grunt)
ext vacant lot  late afternoon)#(puzzled noise)
int tent  continuous)#why you little i will teach you to answer peoples' prayers (choking noises)
int moe's  day  a little later)#what is your problem boy ?
maybe when i have got a dad who shows up in the morning with no shirt on and rocks on his face it sets i do not know a low bar ?#wow i have gotta take that in while i do have some bar nuts
are not those full of germs ?#eat the nuts they are your dinner
nobody comes into my bar and kidnaps two paying customers#(grateful) thanks moe i (pats pants) huh must've left my wallet at home
ext stables  outside town  evening)#(stunned noise) fat tony ?
that is right fat homer#(offended) hey
i need your boy to make a baby#do you really need the boy's help to make a baby ? just do a little of the (arm motions over the following) bungabunga and the hotsiepotsie and the bopbadabopbadabop
y'know just sayin'#(scared) well boy if there was ever a good time for you to find out where babies come from in the grossest way possible with your life on the line this is it
one more thing  it better be a boy#(rolls eyes) anything else ?
(pissedoff) hey this is all your fault#how is it my fault ?
how is it my fault ?#let them ruck the night away
i would not be here if you were more of a role model pub crawls naked frisbee golf#i just did that because it was a series of funny words
well it is your mediocre fathering that put me on the path to hell#huh ? maybe you are right boy it is time i was a better father and i will start by saving us i just need to facilitate some horse intercourse
huh ? maybe you are right boy it is time i was a better father and i will start by saving us i just need to facilitate some horse intercourse#come on buddy just make a champion thoroughbred and we are outta here
what is his problem ?#hey you know i do not think this guy likes girls
big deal i do not like girls either#not like that it is like this (inaudible whispers then) smithers (inaudible whispers) mr largo (inaudible whispers) danny kaye (off bart's look) what ? everyone knows
not like that it is like this (inaudible whispers then) smithers (inaudible whispers) mr largo (inaudible whispers) danny kaye (off bart's look) what ? everyone knows#( la jack benny) now where is she going ?
( la jack benny) now where is she going ?#hey i know that horse it is sudsley sudsley brewright
hey i know that horse it is sudsley sudsley brewright#that horse was instrumental in me becoming a man
(makes face) ew that tastes horrible#beer transformed that cute little boy into the man you see before you
whoa they like each other#you know pregnant is pregnant
what are you talking about ?#we are not lost boy not by a longshot we just have to set the mood
we are not lost boy not by a longshot we just have to set the mood#(belts it out) let them play we will not look we will turn away / (to horses) go make love then eat some hay
(sings) we will be deadshot through the head#(sings) be that as it may
(sings) be that as it may#(sings) fat tony's horse is gay
(sings) i do not hear no banging / no sound of horseshoes clanging#(sings) roll in hay
(sings) or tomorrow we will pay#(sings) i do not care about tomorrow / we need true horse love today
(sings) i do not care about tomorrow / we need true horse love today#here's a blanket they can borrow
roll in hay#ah young love
ay carumba#you monster my knees will be in my throat
they will turn out the same whether you gallop or trot#teach him not to pee during parades he will get more work
(happy) yay a mess#(delighted) ooh can i lick the ceiling ?
homer for the last time do not drink the yahtzee dice#fine
fine#(looking down) ooh doubles
(blurting) why do not we have any couples friends ?#(big sigh then) because couples friends are a myth started by restaurants with tables for four
i want friends any friends#(kindly) okay sweetie i will call the van houtens
not the van houtens#but
the saddest thing would be if you were driving and texting lisa and you hit her and the last thing she texted before she died was "i got your message" g'night#(considering noise) they all make good points
(menacing) come and get 'em (jokertype laugh)#oh thank you why was that on the military history channel ?
do not be too loud and do not be too quiet when you are too quiet you get that psycho look#(creepy little laugh)
and stay in the living room do not go to their kids' room and watch a basketball game#can i check out what toys they have ?
no#(sighs) dinner party at the neighbors' at least i can drink
one drink#(baffled noise) walking distance marge i have been looking forward to this all week
(sotto) homer#you know i have more cheeks (suave chuckle)
yes yes so for the next three hours i welcome you to the moors of#(grim) they will get their blood money
(grim) they will get their blood money#question (reading card) it says here the murderer is admiral wainsworth who is that ?
(stunned noise) you have you you have given away the game#(innocent laugh) well you know
(innocent laugh) well you know#(hitting noise /(getting hit noise)
(hitting noise /(getting hit noise)#why you
(controlled fury) just so you know homer you were going to be a dashing russian count with multiple lovers#(defiant) well as we say in russia "goodbye in russian"
ext evergreen terrace  night)#uh nice night for a walk
(sighs) i'd like to be alone for a while#do you want to be more alone ?
yes#(from a distance) more ?
mm hm#what the ?
ext simpson house  establishing  morning)#okay i slept on the couch and i flipped the sweaty cushions over what else can i do ?
(cutting him off) it is okay i mean those people did not even want us at that party in the first place i think it is time we learned to live with being ostracized#mmmm
do not you dare say "ostrich eyes"#(not sure why) because (off her look) oh oh okay okay what should we do ?
nothing i give up no more dinner parties our whole social life will be us watching tv and you going to moe's#(nods) i see
(nods) i see#(to maggie containing joy) woohoo
(to maggie containing joy) woohoo#(solemn) well if that is how you think it has to be
yes for us but not for lisa never for lisa we are going to help her make friends#it might be easier with maggie she is always getting letters from the daycare center
(to dog) after this we will do makeovers#so where are all the friends ?
i do not know i invited everyone that lisa's ever met#who are you ?
gus huebner i was on lisa's coed soccer team two years ago#(worried) well lisa's going to be here in five minutes and the only kid who showed up is gus frickin' huebner
yeah yeah yeah sure i am fine#yeah nothin nothing's going on
pizza mmmm#lots of pizza
(on radio) it is not optional#see marge problems will work themselves out if you just leave them alone
(very worried murmur) i would not say i paid someone to be your friend i just gave her money for records and ice cream#you gave away ice cream ?
lisa lisa wait#oh god oh god i am the smart parent
oh god oh god i am the smart parent#i am sorry she rejected your "i am sorry" cake but in a way i am not i guess what i am trying to say is i like cake
let me tell you a little story about a chubby unpopular boy named homer#is that the boy you named me after ?
a relationship i continued to this day#you pay lenny and carl to be my friends ?
yes but barney's yours for nothin'#(touched noise)
(panicked) lisa's door's unlocked#dad is that story really true ?
(aghast) mother's day ?#crap
last day of school last day of school found my summer hobby banging pots together#do not worry marge as a favor to you i am enrolling that precious little jerk in this fresh air summer camp
goodbye forever multiplication#(tasting noise then) needs more numerators
(tasting noise then) needs more numerators#ah july fourth no fireworks ? can not this stupid city entertain me one night a year ?
(distraught) my baby back ribs#marge when you are broke that is when you have got to keep up appearances the fourth of july is the one day a year when our city puts on her high heels and tube top and leans into america's car window (choked up) god bless her
int simpson house  kitchen  morning)#marge if this stupid onereactor town will not put on a fireworks show i will i have mapped it out (laughs)
maybe we should just light sparklers in the back yard#(weary noise) i have had my problems with sparklers
(italian william hickey) no no but i shoot rockets into hisa face here'sa my card do not forget to treasure it#now let's see which pants have that card ? (flips through short pants) board shorts interested shorts here we are
now let's see which pants have that card ? (flips through short pants) board shorts interested shorts here we are#kaboom
int apartment  continuous)#giuseppe i want you to come out of retirement for the greatest fireworks show of your career
why do you come here and remind me of a time in my life when i made atons of money doing awhat i love ?#if the expendables movies have taught us anything it is that people do their best work after they are old and forgotten
have you ever considered a reverseequity mortgage ?#woo hoo
ext springfield street  day)#okay let's make some fireworks
now drive slowly and carefully to my workshop it is ina the cobblestone adistrict#oh thank god a rickety bridge
int giuseppe's workspace  later)#can i pitch something ?
go ahead#(imitates big fireworks finale then slight pause then two more quick fireworks noises)
ext fireworks barge  night)#(moans) my boy's having a bad night we should get the show on the road
(moans) my boy's having a bad night we should get the show on the road#come on let's go i can not stand to see my family unhappy on america's holiest day
actually july second is when congress declared independence  the date that should be celebrated#(mad) hey super mario do not you tell me about america
idiot i ama right#no you are awrong
july second i am quoting john adams#who the hell is that ?
well it wasn't me it was bart who#(loud scary gasps and snorts)
(chicken squawks)#sometimes when we touch
i wanna hold you till i die#(chuckle) one more year tops
(spoken) i livea longer than you i taking a "senior spin" class always increasing the tension#(realizing) then burn on you 'cause you will be holding onto a dead guy (laughs)
(sings) i wanna hold you till the fear in me subsides#believe me if you are holding a threehundredpound dead guy fear is not gonna be your problem
congratulations you have ruined a beautiful song#it is a song ? i thought we were just riffing
i apologize to dan hill and all of our viewers#(quickly shouted) i do not
(quickly shouted) i do not#usher will you stop that person who is shushing ?
hey dad we made popcorn#out of my reach ? (struggling noise) must make effort
out of my reach ? (struggling noise) must make effort#(triumphant noise)
mr simpson you earned this#(mouth halffull) what is on tv ?
(concerned murmur) sometimes the language on these gets a little blue#(puzzled noise)
(puzzled noise)#(getting it noise)
well no but he is not a rabbi more of a flabbi (flabeye)#why you little i will show you who is a flabbi
(muffled) all right you are not a flabbi okay i got it#all muscle in minnesota i'd be a supermodel
no no it is a big thing#yes son we can
(sotto) homer get up#huh ? oh (struggling noises)
huh ? oh (struggling noises)#(tentative noise of success then collapses)
(sotto) dad are you okay ?#yeah yeah great (sighs then wistful) i guess my gettingup days are over
ext simpson house  late night)#(loud unhealthy snore gasping for breath)
(loud unhealthy snore gasping for breath)#(loud unhealthy snore)
(sleepy) yes lisa ?#("what ?" snore)
ext simpsons back yard  day)#lisa what are you doing ?
(crazed) wrapping you in bubble wrap i can not always be around to protect you so it will#but
but#oh lisa honey you can not insulate yourself from life why i could live till a hundred or a bus could hit me tomorrow that is why i never plan more than four seconds ahead
(sad moan) i guess you are right#now come on give daddy a hug
now come on give daddy a hug#(victorious) bubble wrap
(victorious) bubble wrap#your daughterly love saved me sweetie
i suppose we should exchange insurance information (beat) i do not have any#me neither
(enthralled gasp)#("noooo") brief nudityyy
("noooo") brief nudityyy#i thought we installed parental blocking software on all our computers
(embarrassed noise)#i told you to clean your room and instead you are watching chest videos (annoyed noise) look at all those bowls of halfeaten cereal
the cereal on the bottom gets soggy#i know how cereal works now clean your room
why should i ? it is just gonna get dirty again#i am in charge you do what i say
(shrugs) i will get to it when i get to it#that better not mean what it means when i say it
that better not mean what it means when i say it#(annoyed grunt)
maybe you two are more similar than you would like to admit#we are not similar i love being told what to do by someone who is wise in the ways of the world love it
simpson#you poor woman dealing with bart has turned your mind to ketchup water you rest i will be the boy's father now
look i will drink another glass of milk#(scoffs) milk that is for babies and old guys who can not sleep at night because of what they did in the war (points at bart's plate) broccoli
oh it#you are not leaving this table until you eat that broccoli and i am going to sit right here until you do
the sit is on#eat your broccoli
no#eat your broccoli
i know but they are not gonna waste a whole saturday inside#(gasps) today's our draft i have got to pick a good fantasy team when i lost last year they made me do something so humiliating
(gasps) today's our draft i have got to pick a good fantasy team when i lost last year they made me do something so humiliating#jebus loves tebow
broccoli) if you need me i will be up in my room eating cereal (pointed) half a bowl of cereal#(eerily calm) marge i want you my wife to draft my fantasy football team
int demonic detention room  continuous)#i can get another job who would not want to hire a man who will not back down ? i could be a prison warden or a southern anything
bart picks one of the smoothies and drinks it  maybe he had the broccoli maybe he did not no one knows so neither of you has given in and this horrible impasse can come to an end#uh works for me
(insincere) oh no the broccoli#(furious noise) you did that on purpose (re spill) you lick this table clean
spill) you lick this table clean#come on lick it
come on lick it#c'mon lick it
(struggling noises)#you can still lick it
(sleeping noises)#(confused noise)
(stunned) where are we ?#(amazed) i do not know (holds up a piece of broccoli blunt) eat your broccoli
ext ship's deck  continuous)#(gasps) we are on an oldtime boat
(relieved sigh)#relation ship it works two ways (chuckles) pretty good (chuckles really impressed) pretty good
hey lame ass thanks to you we are stuck on a stupid therapy boat#i am the lame ass ? the only lame ass on this boat is you and all the other lame asses
i am the lame ass ? the only lame ass on this boat is you and all the other lame asses#(angry noise)
dad look i did a round turn with two half hitches#(gasp) wait a minute windswept hair rugged tan rough calloused hands you are enjoying this are not you ?
so what if i am ?#you are my son and you will hate what i hate angled parking lemons kickstarters by famous guys who already have lots of money and this boat
i am old enough to choose my own things to hate and the things i like and i like being a sailor#(stunned) betrayed by my worst enemy i never would have seen it coming
i learned that left is called "port"#i finally got over my sea sickness
that is right mr midshipman#(annoyed moan)
i am sorry we had to discipline you on the positive side you will not miss out on the father/son hornpipe dance#(moans) i hate the golden age of sail
i am in charge you do what i say#fine i will swab whatever you say (fake enthusiasm) look i am swabbing the deck (re mast) i am swabbing this giant tree that the sail grows out of oh i am swabbing the top of the ocean
mast) i am swabbing this giant tree that the sail grows out of oh i am swabbing the top of the ocean#(sarcastic) ooo swab swab swab
(sarcastic) ooo swab swab swab#(terrified screams) what the ?
ext springfield town square  day)#fantasy football has turned every man in this town into a trashtalking monster
ext ship  on deck  later)#i love this boat with all its pullies and flappies and everything has a name
(drunk) you know what homer ? i always wanted to eat a parrot what is the big deal ? it is just like a green chicken#(fondly) yeah
dad we can make it to harbor if we can just sail around that lighthouse#are you crazy ? we will never make it drop the anchor and wait out the storm
no we need to sail#i am dropping the anchor
can not you just do what i say ?#you have never done what i say ever
you have never done what i say ever#(gasps)
(gasps)#awaiting your orders mr midshipman
put up the storm jib and haul in the main sheet#(salutes) ayeaye sir
so did your sailing adventure help you work out your issues ?#does this answer your question ?
way heal away / we will heal away joe#i got a bad sunburn and i was crapped on by a seagull / i do not see any lifeboats and i do not think that is legal
i got a bad sunburn and i was crapped on by a seagull / i do not see any lifeboats and i do not think that is legal#way heal away / we will heal away joe
(confused noise)#hey i was listenin' to that
hey i was listenin' to that#absolutely not
(skeptical) really really really ?#(moans) my one weakness the third "really" come with me
but that is so many sandwiches#turn right here i keep this frozen meat in case society collapses but we still have power
homer this is my freezerino#seriously i am getting so tired of those stupid flandersisms
it is the name of the freezer#okily dokahama ?
ext simpson house  a little later)#it is all gonna thaw
it is all gonna thaw#(to meat emotional) do not you give up on me
i will cook this meat cut it up and make it into sandwiches#(stands heroically) and i will wait and worry
(wired fast) so i cooked the meat sliced it up made sandwiches cut off the crusts fed those to the dog#aw somebody wants more crusts here you go boy
(halfhearted chewing noises)#(sweetly) here ya go have some more
(halfhearted chewing noises)#still hungry buddy ?
dad dogs do not know when to stop eating#lucky
tada#("oohs" and "ahhs")
("oohs" and "ahhs")#(admiring) oh marge once again you have taken one of my screwups and turned it into food man if only you could do that with bart
can someone put butter on me ?#familyicious (drools)
int simpson house  downstairs  later)#what are you doing here freezer stealer ?
well i felt a little guilty for taking back what belonged to me#woo hoo flanders is not perfect
never claimed to be#yeah and are not
homie how much money do we have put aside in case something happens to you ?#none
all you can drink if you buy a jumbo cup#careful marge that is how i bankrupted a pizza hut
i am too nervous to sleep#(incoherent sleepy mumbles)
(heavy sigh)#(incoherent sleepy mumbles)
(much louder sigh)#(waking up noise)
i am sorry i woke you up i am just so anxious about tomorrow what if the store fails ? what if i fail ?#well you woke up the right man in bed
well you woke up the right man in bed#i love you marjorie and i have had my share of failures sure and sometimes i get pretty nervous but thanks for talking it out with me i think i can finally get to sleep now
(protesting) no no no no it was me that could not get to#(loud snoring sounds)
(sighs)#(scaredawake noise) make love now ?
hello (firmly) no change for the meter#no no (coy) i'd like to see the manager
(calling) mrs boss some fat blob wants to see you#marge come on let's celebrate it is your first day
you are supposed to be driving me to a tennis class i said i wanted then i changed my mind and i hate it so much i am faking stomach aches to get out of it#hey tony roma's wasn't built in a day but do not worry i told everyone about this place and they are all going to support you you do have drone delivery right ? i kinda promised that
ext lenny's apartment  day)#dammit
i need a sixfoot party sub lots of mayonnaise and i mean lots never stop squirting mayo#do not worry baby
how could they open another franchise so close to me ?#do not worry marge they can not beat us because we are familyrun
do not worry marge they can not beat us because we are familyrun#(short scream) hillbillies
int mother hubbard's sandwich cupboard  later)#(inhale then sigh) finally a customer
(inhale then sigh) finally a customer#(short scared shriek)
(aside) simpson introduce me to this almondeyed beauty and all is forgiven#(playing along) uh mr burns i'd like you to meet (can not think of anything better) mother hubbard standee
(breezily) sorry you died (to smithers grim) put the body with the others#whew
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#marge have you ever seen pants do this ?
(gasps) you are working so hard you have lost weight (despairing) we are killing ourselves trying to run a restaurant no one goes to i have never said this to you before but i am saying it now (dramatic) i am going to moe's#(shocked inhaling noise)
oh now i completely understand you#(stilted) i am a litigious business man and i need a coffee to go
(calling  la brassy waitress) one jumbo joe to go#(pained scream)
(brassy waitress) one florence nightingale in a box and make it snappy#(pained yell)
i got this#(pained shriek) why do these things happen to innocent victims ? i was just about to become a million dollar crotch model
if you will just give me back my original investment i will take full responsibility for this man's injuries#(fake voice) please tell me i am still beautiful
ext riverside  day)#well family we should be proud we took on corporate america and broke even
int springfield museum of natural history  present day)#mmm sandwich
right here ? (reaches inside)#what ?
mom dad i want to change schools#(surprised noise)
homie our prayers have been answered#keep your pants on marge it is probably some private school that costs a million dollars a year  and then they squeeze you for extra money through "book fairs" and "silent auctions" and parents get twenty emails a day from the school and everyone hits "reply all" to everything
dad it is not a private school it is free#oh that is fine then
(worried) i could not help noticing this school is located in i am not one to judge but um#i will say it marge it is in hell the inferno perdition arizona without the golf
(skinner) we do have golf but all the greens are tricky#(horrified) nooo
(chalmers sensitive) look as educators our job is to gently nurture your child's passion#hm (to marge) that is the kind of nonsense you are always falling for
(skinner) you know we have many opportunities for parent involvement#(scoffs) yeah i will be sure to take a look at that
(scoffs) yeah i will be sure to take a look at that#(choking noises)
homer ? (to teacher) thatthat is my dad i can not hurt him#no boy i want you to do it
what ? why ?#bart you went to hell and came back a winner like jesus now come on boy pull me apart like string cheese
bart you went to hell and came back a winner like jesus now come on boy pull me apart like string cheese#(pained screams)
(skinner) well i will tell you who is supposed to be here  class maledictorian beelzebart simpson#(chuckles) which one's yours ?
(points moans)#nice
int simpson house  master bathroom  morning)#stupid blood asking me for a favor
the milkshakes have vanished#(sucking on straw noise)
(amorous murmurs)#ooh marge that was fast yeah that is it baby grab my chest with your cold icy hands (turnedon noises)
ooh marge that was fast yeah that is it baby grab my chest with your cold icy hands (turnedon noises)#(terrified shriek) the bed is lifting me the elevator at work can not even do that i demand you put me down right after the sex (bed drops him) (annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  living room)#all right show yourselves in the name of this book
all right show yourselves in the name of this book#(annoyed grunt then) the power of chrysler compels you
take a picture it will last longer man#hey if you are homer simpson show me your driver's license
well i traded it to a kid for a bite of his sandwich#(gasps) he is me
homer do something#why is it always me ? i work twelve hours a week you know
what kind of afterlife is this ? can not even strangle my dead kid#so yeah things are not perfect with the missus and me (flirty) and by the way nice melons
i am just happy you are happy#(annoyed grunt) i can not believe you wasted our money on fruit
homer simpson#can you be more specific ?
can you be more specific ?#(shared giggle)
(shared giggle)#there is no reason to be jealous it is just younger you
int simpson house  master bath  night)#well hello
well hello#(shrieks) a ghost
i feel like a ghost the way you have not been paying attention to me plus i am dead#do not yell at me i am a double widower but i can handle all the ghosts you can float at me
will not the other homer be a problem ?#(laughs) i think he gets it see he
(laughs) i think he gets it see he#ow ooh what the ? mmm i smell toast (dying noise)
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#ooh pork chops with gravy
ooh pork chops with gravy#(slightly suspicious) hey but today's not pork chop tuesday or gravy thursday
i also set up some mirrors so you could watch hockey fights while you eat#woo hoo
woo hoo#oh i love canadian on canadian violence (to marge) oh baby this is so great thank you so much
oh i love canadian on canadian violence (to marge) oh baby this is so great thank you so much#(suspicious) wait a minute  that is not something people really feel what is going on ?
so they need a place to stay here#(short scream)
they kept yelling "la joconde  her smile will die"#no marge no you can not invite a couple of riddlers to stay in the bat cave
you ate the food and looked in the mirrors they are staying#hm oh honey one teensy problem with this plan i am a teensy bit concerned about them smoking around the children you know their lungs are so teensy
you know what ? i trust them not to smoke#and if you trust them i trust them too
and if you trust them i trust them too#(evil chuckle) safety first
nature is god's ash tray#bad news bears forecast calls for nothing but rain
choke on our harmless fumes#if you fall asleep with them will you even burn to death ?
mmmmmmm#(sad moan)
wait wait turn on the faucet so no one'll get suspicious#ha i gotcha
ha i gotcha#you can not resist smoking in the house any more than i can resist drinking in the car
(gasp)#and now i banish you from paradise i am glad i never bothered to learn which one of you is which
please show some compassion for two good people who just can not stop smoking#(kindly) i know just the place
int simpson house  living room  day)#(calling offhand) lisa motorcade
congratulations simpson you are now my chief energy innovation marketing officer#(no clue what this means) woohoo
all you have got to do is sell fracking to your friends and neighbors#(worried) woohoo ? i do not know "fracking" is one of those scary lisa words
homer game starts in an hour do not forget to set your fantasy lineup#(casual) thanks charlie (then to mr burns inspired) maybe fracking is not so bad
int simpson house  kitchen  day)#(practicing) i am not screwing you over no uh i am not screwing you over i am not screwing you over
int skinner home  continuous)#(folksy) some folks will tell you that fracking's no good but what they do not tell you is hydraulic fracturing creates jobs
(folksy) some folks will tell you that fracking's no good but what they do not tell you is hydraulic fracturing creates jobs#and all those new workers are gonna want to spend their earnings buying what you are selling beer
beer#authentic italian food
authentic italian food#useless lefthanded crap
useless lefthanded crap#magical nonsense
magical nonsense#expensive toys for grownups they do not open or play with
expensive toys for grownups they do not open or play with#pornography and nachos
pornography and nachos#highquality spanish language programming
highquality spanish language programming#highquality methamphetamines
highquality methamphetamines#(quickly to marge) laundry (to lisa) homework (to bart) pranks (to maggie dog and cat) poop poop and poop
(disgusted) how could you sell fracking for mr burns ?#because i have never gotten a promotion before once i thought i had but it turned out to be a beautifullyworded firing so judge me all you want
i am judging you#good judge away
mr simpson ? rebuttal ?#(clears throat quickly) everyone who signs over their mineral rights to mr burns gets five thousand dollars
int nuclear plant  burns' office  day)#mr burns we did it everyone in the neighborhood sold us their gas rights
mr burns we did it everyone in the neighborhood sold us their gas rights#(leading) excellent ?
(leading) excellent ?#(shrugs) well one
i have embarked on a "beneficial friendship" with a woman with whom i have nothing in common her opinions are abhorrent to me but the passion well look at these racy texts she sends me#(turned on) oh baby
(turned on) oh baby#(thinks) well i am no carl when it comes to this stuff but i ain't no lenny neither and i would say no matter how much you try to keep things casual someone always gets hurt
hmm well then i must harden my heart against such an outcome#(falling) glad i could be of help
the gas rights transfer form for 742 evergreen terrace was never signed by marge simpson#(gasps) marge ? why did not you sign ?
i already felt the pride of energy independence#marge simpson i am as mad at you as you usually are at me
ext simpsons house  day  establishing)#oh yeah great great marge great work thanks to you springfield will never be a natural gas boom town and like all boom towns it would have lasted forever
(sighs) our water was on fire#(disgusted) was on fire was (beat) i finally get a job i was good at and now i have to give it up
so you have come begging not to be fired ? (calling) smithers turn my back on this man maximum huff#wait mr burns i am here to man up  it was all my wife's fault (sighs) sometimes i think she and i have nothing in common
nothing in common eh ? tell me more#marge likes sushi i like gum that squirts in your mouth she is into romantic comedies i like movies where there is only one day a year when murder is legal yep marge and i see the world in totally different ways
(short laugh) different exactly that is why i had to give my woman the old heaveho#so you do not miss that politics lady at all ?
not for one chinese second and i am sure she is forgotten all about me#(startled noise)
(startled noise)#(gasp) killdozers
stop laying about you there is work to be done#(groggy moan) gravy thursday
homer turn off that horrible machine#you do not know anything about hydraulic fracturing you have just been brainwashed by liberal tv shows who use "fracking" as an easy bad guy but it can save this country
our water was on fire#wait i finally get what you are saying fracking is great but the only place it should ever happen is in other people's towns
wiggle in get comfortable (seductive noise)#hey a couch is a couch
hey a couch is a couch#(relaxing sounds / pleased sounds)
(relaxing sounds / pleased sounds)#(vibrating noises of pleasure)
(vibrating noises of pleasure)#woo hoo
(doppler falling noise hits hard)#what the hell was that ?
homer homer i think there is someone downstairs#relax marge it is probably just homer comin' home late from moe's (cheesy smile)
relax marge it is probably just homer comin' home late from moe's (cheesy smile)#(scared noise) the eyes in that picture are following me
uh that is a mirror#is not all great art kind of a mirror ?
is not all great art kind of a mirror ?#we'd better send the dog down (to santa's little helper) come on here's your chance to protect us boy come on
(growls then biting noise)#stupid dog
(growls then biting noise)#(bitten noise)
ow#we will have to set a trap bait i mean bart
we will have to set a trap bait i mean bart#(calling downstairs) all set when he starts gnawing at you i will whack him with this broom
(very intrigued noise)#do not drink my loved ones
bite my shiny metal ass#a robot with a catchphrase
(chuckles)#okay so what are you ?
(ominous) the future#prove it what happens to homer simpson in the future ?
i do not know you die ?#oh my god he is telling the truth (gravely) i have to take you to our civic leaders
i hate it when they get quiet#listen ii know you are a robot and incapable of emotion
(huge sobs) it is true i am empty inside (more huge sobs)#uh look i just wanna ask can we be friends ?
(interested noise)#you are the only guy i know with less hair than me
a strike a totally legitimate strike#yeah (chuckles) hey uh what is the robot version of bromance ?
romance#you future guys have a word for everything pal
i remember why i am here to kill homer simpson#(cutesy) my ears are burning
not yet but they will be#(scared scream) a boxing glove
(scared scream) a boxing glove#(small sad) but we bowled together
what the ? my ass is about to project something#(sotto) you do not have to announce it just do it quietly and blame the dog
if homer's dead why are the creatures he begat still here and multiplying out of control ?#what the ?
oh and the annoying girl may be helpful meanwhile leela take homer and explore this time period find out why people would ever pay for "freemium games"#i will explain okay it starts free right ?
ext springfield street  a little later)#then you visit your friend's game and he is got this awesome candy mansion
get a load of those freaks#and you are like "ninetynine cents ? you bet i'd like one"
and you are like "ninetynine cents ? you bet i'd like one"#and that is why i owe clash of candies twenty thousand dollars here we are
int simpson house  continuous)#marge i'd like you to meet leela and fry
(snores) kill all humans (snores) kill all humans#(snores) start with flanders (snores) start with flanders
and the other person is#(confused) who is that ?
it is me#(surprised gasp)
ext town square  day)#we are here
we are here#(chuckles) my bowling buddy
int planet express  continuous)#(calmly) why you little why you little why you little why you little why you little
dad itit is me#prove it when is your birthday ?
february twentythird#ha february has no twentythird (chokes bart harder)
oh are you good at your job ?#i was voted employee of the month as an april fool's day joke (decapitating) why you little why you little
okay let's get goin'#(hypnotoadlike drooling noise)
dad we have beer in our time#hey i have not had a drink in a thousand years
wow it is working i guess the instructions were in english#what the ?
hey here's a souvenir photo of you guys comin' outta my chest#aww i will treasure this forever
the oldfashioned way#good night friend you will always have a special place here with us
(embarrassed) well perhaps the one of you that is female should go console her#simpsons in the / future  space jokes / flying through town / what are those tubes / i wonder what / ice cream's like now / maybe it is hot / or some new temperature they invented (spoken) that is it we are done
terrible#(gently) you wanna talk about it ?
no#(appreciative) oh thank you
(confused noise)#a haircut ? let me see
no you will laugh at me#i will not laugh at you let's see
i will not laugh at you let's see#(tries to stifle a giggle but can not and keeps giggling)
(tries to stifle a giggle but can not and keeps giggling)#look at me i am bart
stop that all of you it is not bart's fault that his haircut looks so stupid#(short giggle)
i am going to go to that school and talk to that teacher#marge please do not say anything it never makes a difference and then the teachers give us stinkeye during the school fairs
(displeased murmur) well anyway bart you will cheer up on our camping trip this weekend#what camping trip ?
the one you booked for us at owl haven (pointed) the one you have to reserve a year in advance#oh uh you told me not to do it a year ago remember ?
i do not remember that#you are right no one could be expected to remember something from a year ago certainly not me pass the gravy ?
(stunned gasp) do not tell me you did not reserve a campsite labor day is next weekend there'll be nothing left#hey there is always room at buzzard's roost
excuse me but buzzard's roost is a converted parking lot#excuse me but grass is poking through
parking lot#poking through
parking lot#poking through
(big sob) my biggest sin is that i dare to hope#oh marge i can not stand it when you cry at dinner the pork chops look traumatized the mashed potatoes can not stand watch even the children seem upset so trust me i will come through for you baby
oh marge i can not stand it when you cry at dinner the pork chops look traumatized the mashed potatoes can not stand watch even the children seem upset so trust me i will come through for you baby#not you
not you#so what do you say marge ?
i want so much to believe you#and i want you to believe me too is not it great how much we agree ?
oh that is convenient#compared to the rest of these people yeah
int power plant  continuous)#(normal homer voice) look i really need a campsite (desperate) my wife is making sandwiches
(butch woman) sorry reservations are a year in advance#what about mosquito cove ?
booked#skunk canyon ?
booked every year since two thousand three#ooh how 'bout the campsite where the guy in the hockey mask kills all the campers ?
sir that is a movie#(oh phone) hello ? hello ? this is homer simpson 742 evergreen terrace looking for a place for my kids and me and my pretty pretty wife
(oh phone) hello ? hello ? this is homer simpson 742 evergreen terrace looking for a place for my kids and me and my pretty pretty wife#you know alarm code three six seven nine three six seven nine
those were your father's sweatpants#marge i have a confession to make about this trip
(loud whisper) dad do not worry i got you a place#(puzzled noise)
(puzzled noise)#once again i have been saved from any consequences it will keep happening till one day i create a mess so enormous it can not be cleaned up thanks boy
ext freeway  late afternoon)#(sings) a camping we will go
(sings) but where ? i still do not know#(sings) a place that is filled with sun and sand / a desert steampunk disneyland / keep expectations (baritone) lowww / swing low sweet chariot
ext desert  night)#(chuckles) homer simpson i love you
(emerging from tent) a world of anarchic free expression#cars shaped like cupcakes
i am not sure this campground is familyfriendly#all camping is pointless you drive hundreds of miles to shower and sleep in a place with no bathroom or beds i guess what i am trying to say is where is maggie ?
now you know the wind does kick up here hope you went three feet down with your tent stakes#uh listen here desert arnaz homer simpson knows how to pitch a tent
uh listen here desert arnaz homer simpson knows how to pitch a tent#hey man can i bum a tent ?
does that look like something i'd do ?#hey marge
hey marge#we got a new tent from a guy who od'd
we got a new tent from a guy who od'd#aw let me get a picture of that
(low voice) suddenly this place (high voice) does not seem so bad#this place is great just have to avoid these inseamhigh cactuses
this place is great just have to avoid these inseamhigh cactuses#(jumping noises then annoyed grunt)
(mellow) it is like someone ironed out all the wrinkles in my brain#(sand blowing in his mouth) get in the tent
int tent  continuous)#(annoyed grunt)
(loving) you always save me trombone elephant#(trumpet noise)
(loving) homie you promised me an incredible camping trip and i got one#just like i planned
you got very lucky this time do not push it#i understand i already signed up for this place next year i gave my form and two hundred dollars cash to that dude
i understand i already signed up for this place next year i gave my form and two hundred dollars cash to that dude#(annoyed grunt)
help me desert weirdoes#i will take those
i will take those#beware the butterfly's sting what the ?
ext moe's  later)#and that is the terrifying tale of how the quebec nordiques became (spooky) the colorado avalanche
look at all these monstrosities#lisa how many times have i told you to bow down to our corporate overlords ?
(impressed noise#it is like some kind of guitar central
okay let me guess dude you are an axeman  you are looking to score a new blade#stig (chuckles impressed) you have got a name that is not a name
int simpson house  dining room  continuous)#oh i do not have what it takes to play guitar i mean i am no joe walsh in the brains department
try this on#(amazed) what the rock ?
now that was a lick#i did a lick ?
dude usually it takes years to learn such neck confidence now check this out#oh my god i am amazing
okay now oh how are you set for stage lights ?#i am not set at all
ooh what about gels ?#this is embarrassing to admit stig but i hadn't even thought about gels
(yelling) what is that racket ?#(yelling) music beautiful music
(yelling) what ?#(smooth) beautiful music baby
the bass guitar ? this does not really seem like you#sure it is you know i have always loved laying things down grooves are just the latest
(annoyed murmur)#i feel a powerful connection to the history of famous bass players like what is his name from the who or that guy from led zeppelin who wasn't page plant or bonham those are the only two i know for sure
it is so cool to have another musician in the family#oh yeah and you know what is the great thing is about music ? it is so easy
(stammering) uh well to truly master an instrument you will need years of#so easy
int simpson house  garage  day)#i do not know guys i am not sure i am feeling this the bass is kind of known for being a solo instrument
garage bands rule#(gasps) i almost forgot the most important thing
int garage  continuous)#great practice guys what do you say we give it another six hours then call it a day ?
(a little shy) excuse me my wife told me about your getoutofthehouse band and uh perhaps you need a singer ?#oh yeah apu i am sure you are a great singer but the balance of the band is really delicate right now and we are not really looking for a "world music" vibe no disrespect to world music i love world music
(sungazer voice) when i close my eyes / i wish that i could fantasize / pull a dream right out of the air / take a chance turn it into a prayer#(stunned) that sounds nothing like terrible terrible world music
(sungazer voice) focus like a laser beam / i will keep fighting till i want something great / hopin' for a dream#guys are you feeling this ? are you feeling this ?
i think we all felt something#we are more than just a garage band desperate to do anything other than hang out with our families we are now a cover band and we shall be called covercraft because we play covers and this is our craft
and it sounds like hovercraft#that was not my intent okay covercraft hands in
hands in#cover
ext springfield street  day)#(stapling each corner) "r" "o" "k" "c"
ext performance area  backstage  continuous)#okay this crowd is about to experience the special magic of the cover band  the thrill of live music without the fear of hearing anything new
okay this crowd is about to experience the special magic of the cover band  the thrill of live music without the fear of hearing anything new#apu what is wrong ?
you do not know what a per diem is#(small) i still want one
(small) i still want one#(kindly) buddy buddy think of it this way you are not singing in front of all those people you are alone at the kwikemart in the middle of the night you just wear this on stage and everything will be fine
everyone loves you dad you could become a famous rock star#well son i do have the talent  my mind is full of ideas for great songs i could write down the names of and then cover but then i remember i am just a regular guy jamming with my buds
yeah you really get that it is all about the music#(rubs chin) yep it is all about the music and it would take a pretty unforeseen development to change that pretty unforeseen
int simpson garage  day)#guys i really need your honesty here at the squidport senior jamboree was i too in the pocket ?
uh he passed away#how ?
how ?#what kind of erotic asphyxiation ?
what kind of erotic asphyxiation ?#(getting it) oh
apu you are the only man on the entire internet whose got the pure sungazer sound will you be our new lead singer and join us on our stadium tour ?#i think i can answer for apu he is flattered but the smalltime success of covercraft is all that any of us have ever wanted
uh actually i#apu has a rich life here in springfield a store full of great products a lovely himtype wife and eight super kids anoop sandeep nabendu gheet pria uma poonam sashi
i gotta say i am kind of jealous of apu getting a break like that#not me i am nothing but happy that our friend is headed for fame and fortune
not me i am nothing but happy that our friend is headed for fame and fortune#(biggest moan) i want his fame and fortune so much why must the lords of rock be so cruel ?
(mocking laughter)#sammy hagar ? you are not dead
what is a game show ?#it is something you make sketches about
(singing backup) hopin'#i am not jealous (beat) i am envious jealousy is when you worry someone will take what you have envy is wanting what someone else has what i feel is envy
wow he is right#you know what ? apu leaving is the best thing that ever happened to this band we are gonna be like genesis after peter gabriel left
you mean more popular but not as good ?#phil collinsera genesis is not as good huh ? (ticking them off) "no reply at all" "land of confusion" "throwing it all away" "illegal alien" "i can not dance" and i am sure i do not need to mention (twisting the knife) "invisible touch"
you know i have been known to sing a little#what ? so you can also get famous and bail on us ? (beat) you are out of the band
you can not just kick him out#oh so you are sticking up for (re kirk) yoko here ? looks like i have got another yoko on my hands
how can there be two yokos#(points at hibbert) yoko (pointing to everyone) yoko yoko yoko yoko all you yokos are out of the band
are you okay ?#do i sound okay ?
you sound great your licks are really juicy#they are not juicy my licks are dry dry and scratchy like a cat's tongue
you did not join a band to become famous like in "almost famous" you loved playing music with your friends that was enough to make you happy#well it is not enough anymore when something great happens to one person everyone else's life gets a little worse look it up it is called physics
apu is a good man he sent over front row tickets and backstage passes to his show at the costington center#oh you mean he generously invited us to come watch him be a rock star ?
stop feeling sorry for yourself your friend had a wonderful thing happen to him and you are coming with us to share in his talent#(sulky) i will never have a per diem
(sulky) i will never have a per diem#(grumbling) apu would not be able to sing a note if i did not help him get over his stage fright with his kwikemart shirt (inspired gasp)
(grumbling) apu would not be able to sing a note if i did not help him get over his stage fright with his kwikemart shirt (inspired gasp)#backstage pass you just became a payback rage pass
backstage pass you just became a payback rage pass#look at all this rock star dressing room stuff what a sellout cheese plate  oh sorry cubed cheese plate lemon tea probably for his throat
look at all this rock star dressing room stuff what a sellout cheese plate  oh sorry cubed cheese plate lemon tea probably for his throat#let's see how he performs in front of all those people without his magicpeopleperforminginfrontof shirt
you signed a contract for a three year fiftyseven country tour at union scale  no per diem#(stifled gasp)
(gasps) homer ?#i am sorry apu i thought you were living your dream life so naturally i wanted to ruin it but now i know things stink so (miles warmly) i am okay with it
what is the point ? (sighs) i am trapped like a kwikemart hot dog on a roller#(getting idea) kwikemart hot dog eh ?
(sungazer voice) dreams are great or so it seems / if i never find one i guess that is okay / i am hopin' for a dream#hopin' hopin'
int nuclear plant  continuous)#(into phone) i will be right home honey i have just got to lock down the reactor for the evening
(into phone) i will be right home honey i have just got to lock down the reactor for the evening#tight as a drum
simpson#(shriek) mr scrooge
time for your holiday gift#(excited noise)
in your name a donation has been made#(disappointed noise)
to the salvation army#(disappointed noise)
(humming noises) hello ?#headin' home baby
headin' home baby#nothing's gonna stop me now
nothing's gonna stop me now#(shrieks)
ext moe's  christmas eve)#(woozy) maybe a drink will help me with my driving
few people know that verdict was overturned in the sequel heh#i'd better be heading home to my family enjoy your evening with your wonderful uh neon sign
(sad sincere) yeah last year i broke it just so the repairman would come but i will be fine#hey um you gonna be okay ?
she took me to a mall and i never saw her again but i will never forget that image of her bolting for the parking lot#okay okay i will stay for one beer
please please please#but i promised marge
now i am sittin' on your shoulders please#okay okay
i am gonna set the clock in the bar to the correct time#hey what the
hey what the#(shrieks) i am so late
(most furious ever) homer simpson#(terrified noise)
i do not want you here on christmas#marge think about what you are saying it is sir isaac newton's birthday
ext house  continuous)#yeah ? (frustrated noise then calling out) well good luck assembling all those toys without me
we already did it#(shrieks) the ghost of marge future
ext moe's  late night  christmas eve)#(angrily) moe what are you doing ?
ext kwikemart  night)#hey pal can not believe you have to work christmas eve
nog stands for "not okayed by government"#maybe marge would forgive me if i won the lotto give me a scratcher
maybe marge would forgive me if i won the lotto give me a scratcher#(annoyed grunt then) gimme another one
(sighs)#(annoyed grunt then) gimme another one
(sighs)#(annoyed grunt then) gimme another one
(sighs)#(annoyed grunt then) gimme another one
(annoyed grunt then) gimme another one#(annoyed grunt then) gimme another one
(sighs)#(annoyed grunt then) gimme another one
in a concentration camp drama#(annoyed grunt)
(sighs can not hold it in) oh please stop stop it my religion prohibits me from taking advantage of a fool more than five times this thing basically has no winners#yeah but does not the money go to schools ?
you know ironically in india they did use the money for schools and they had fantastic results#aw thanks for your honesty apu is there any other product in the store you would like to warn me about ?
well (ominous) those hotdogs began life as twinkies#wow
why do you always wait till the last minute to put up the lights ?#i do not wanna ruin the magic and i certainly (falling noise)
i do not wanna ruin the magic and i certainly (falling noise)#(huge choking noises) next year this is your job (passing out noise)
(huge choking noises) next year this is your job (passing out noise)#(choking noise) (choking noise)
(choking noise) (choking noise)#(choking noise) (happily) ooh (choking noise)
i have gotta call homer#(annoyed grunt)
ext outdoor springfield shopping mall  just past midnight)#(sadly) even the anchor store's closed
(sadly) even the anchor store's closed#any uplifting holiday movies ?
well let's see we have got a film about a nutty professor#(hopeful noise)
with advanced alzheimer's#(disappointed noise)
seth rogen and jonah hill#(hopeful noise)
and a cute model#(hopeful noise)
airplane that lost its propeller#(considering noise) i guess i will take the concentration camp one
int movie theater  moments later)#(sighs) well if i have gotta spend christmas eve alone at least no one will see me
just 'cause you are here should not make you sad this is my seventeenth christmas alone in a movie theater this is my family the guy with the smelly pants the lady that carries empty cans in a pbs tote bag#(sighs) what if i left now and gave you guys my popcorn and soda ?
ext mall  another area  a little later)#flanders ? what are you doing here ?
christmas is my busy season sold three pairs of scissors this month two came back#say flanders with all the hard luck you have had how do you stay so happy ? (stern) and do not say "jesus"
well sir our good lord and my boys are all i have really got (sad) all edna left me was wonderful memories and some ungraded papers which i am still working my way through#(sincere) flanders are you crying ?
(chokedup) ah just snowflakes on my mustache#listen could i buy a lefthanded uh i do not know eyelash curler ?
sure but your eyelashes are long and luxurious already are you just buying this to be nice ?#um maybe
oh homer unto us this day a neighbor is born but why ?#because jerkass homer has become assjerk homer
well that curled my lashes but good for you#(laughs then sweet) you are all right stupid flanders you are all right
(proudly) my best friend is a great runner#i made everyone happy but me some christmas feliz navidad
ext springfield mall  continuous)#(waking up noises) what the ?
(waking up noises) what the ?#(gasps) the nutcracker every child's favorite christmas character is this a dream ?
(gruff) not a dream i work at the mall and it is closed so scram#man you are a nutcracker but i have learned something tonight you know how everyone hates being with their family on christmas ? well being without them is worse can you find it in your wooden heart to give me a break ?
ext mall  another area  moments later)#what are you doing here ?
int springfield mall  another area  a little later)#oh my god is that girl really doing that ?
oh my god is that girl really doing that ?#mmm loadbearing wall
mmm loadbearing wall#woo hoo
woo hoo#this party's great but all i wish is that i was drinking a beer with my kids right now
homer ?#(perks up) hm ?
(sweetly) homie i am your present tonight and the present is that i am not gonna always assume that you screwed up because i realize maybe there is a good explanation for what you do or a crazy one that is pretty entertaining#oh marge you found me you always find me now we just have to find your car in the mall parking lot
i thought i had one of those chirping keys#oh well i have been faking the noise 'cause you deserve the best (makes car key chirp)
(sweetly) you did not have to do that i love you just the same#(car key chirp)
(car key chirp)#thank you magical creatures of the mall
thank you magical creatures of the mall#you have all taught me a christmas message i will never forget the place to get drunk is at home
each birth is followed by another birth just seconds later#what the ? this is not halloween
(monotone) are we there yet ? are we there yet ?#no
are we there yet ?#no
(monotone) are we there yet ? are we there yet ?#okay we are there finally
are we there yet ? are we there yet ?#(puzzled noise)
(from speakers) are we there yet ? are we there yet ?#damn technology
are we there yet ?#turn it off
are we there yet ? are we there yet ?#(anguished scream)
(giggles)#ooh spot
okay remember we are parked in the "ethnic princess" section#do not worry this time i am gonna write down where i parked
ext ferry  a little later)#look i see land
ext theme park  security gates  a little later)#you planted that on me man
(wiseguy) sorry no outside pacifiers#fine but i am not paying for the insurance (suddenly changing mind) oh what the hell give me the insurance
(running slow) and your telegrams will be delivered by #(glum) well that is it we have visited every section including churro county toonton abbeybut you know what we have not had here ? i will tell you fun the kind of fun attractive families have in commercials
hey dad i see a ride that actually looks decent#i just wanna sit down but the line for the bench is too long
(chomp)#lisa those maps were drawn by the first explorers of this theme park hundreds of years ago let's go
one seat per human#come on start this thing i am not impressed
int rocket to your doom  continuous)#(compressed) this is so fake
ext ship  continuous)#uhoh
we have left earth's atmosphere#prove it
prove it#(short scream)
(friendly) welcome humans there is nothing to fear i am kang the abductor#what the ? this is not halloween
(reassured noises)#(overlapping) that is good
int simpsons cabin  continuous)#hey captain squid if you really want to be nice to us how 'bout some snacks ?
whatever you say shall materialize#(dramatically calling out) potato chips
(chomp)#(annoyed grunt)
(chomp)#(annoyed grunt)
(chomp)#(annoyed grunt)
(chomp)#(annoyed grunt)
(chomp)#(2 annoyed grunts)
(chomp)#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(mad) stupid kid you ruin every trip
(voice fades in and out) homer homer#(giddy laugh)
homer please that is creeping me out#(charles nelson reilly noise)
(charles nelson reilly noise)#let me just there you are like new not a freak of nature
let me just there you are like new not a freak of nature#look at all these knobs and buttons they are clearly a superior race but maybe that means they will be nice to us
you mean like europeans were to the native americans ? or the belgians were to the congo ?#that is right pick the only two times in history where things got messy
slipped on some drool ? larry h zeeblezorp will have you rolling in space credits#wow this place is completely alien but everything's in english just like canada
wow this place is completely alien but everything's in english just like canada#can i turn my phone on ?
now what ?#i say we take this bucket home
i say we take this bucket home#(confident) to earth
(confident) to earth#(urgent) come on come on you son of a
yes (somberly) i am afraid you will never develop tentacles#(disappointed noise)
purple landscape purple trees#yeah you really went with the purple theme
(gasp)#wait are you telling me we are prisoners in this cage ?
all well and good you obviously exercise#(nose plugged) see marge ?
(removes tentacle) anything you need ? perhaps you would care to have your ink gland expressed (flexes his tentacles hopefully)#(shrugs) you are the doctor
homer you have to stop dropping your pants for everyone who claims they are a doctor#fine
(happily hums)#this is not a happy thing
(handing note to homer) here you go#okay
okay#what the ?
what the ?#(annoyed grunt) well we have not heard from maggie yet
(annoyed grunt) well we have not heard from maggie yet#what the ? pfft gibberish pure gibberish
(somber) you are the last vote homie#'tis a far far better thing i do than i have ever done before
hey look maggie made you a farewell card#that kid's got talent but c'mon
now do you see why i am a vegetarian dad ?#i get it lisa i finally get it
(pops in) you do get a last meal#i'd like rabbit lots of rabbit
our elder klaunax has been chosen for our ceremonial first bite after which homer simpson will be dipped into a spicy cheese fondue#(rolls eyes) fondue ? welcome to a faculty dinner party in nineteen seventynine
(singing) tasty creature we salute you (loud slurps) / for your juicy sacrifice (loud slurps)#(scared noise)
a transporter beam someone is trying to steal our sacrifice#yes this mysterious tube can only lead somewhere good so long you stupid slobbering what the ?
yes this mysterious tube can only lead somewhere good so long you stupid slobbering what the ?#(terrified noises)
(terrified noises)#( la jackie gleason) and away we go
(puzzled noises)#(scared noise)
(gentle voice) we are the resistance we do not believe in the barbaric consumption of other species#so what do you eat space broccoli ?
let's go homer#where are you taking me ?
you are about to behold the secret rebel base#why are they dancing ? should not they be making weapons ?
int cave  later)#(describing) but perhaps earth's greatest achievement is moon rocks oh and the golden age of radio
(angry) silence (gentle) homer we will get you back to earth#what about my family ?
why do you care ? it is just your sex mate and spermlings#sex mate ? clearly you have never been married but it is great i am telling you
(flirty) unfortunately we only had the means to build the spaceship for one we spent most of our money on the party#well it is a great party
the pod is equipped to fulfill your deepest desires just concentrate#suddenly this trip has gotten interesting
suddenly this trip has gotten interesting#what the ?
what the ?#oh who am i kidding ? i could not enjoy calorie one without my family i am going back to save them
that all will be eaten#(annoyed grunt)
(worried groan)#you forgot to glaze me
no i did not you licked it off#i think somebody's afraid to admit he is out of glaze
(grumpy noise)#glaze please
(dame judi dench voice) i shall take the first bite it is quite an honor#(concerned) what is that ?
part of your magnificent behind we sliced it off when you were sleeping#it does look delicious
homer#do not you people realize your queen is dying ?
int spaceship  a while later)#captain's log star date sixfiveeightfoureight point two after successfully conquering the rigelians
thank god it is just like her busy box#(scared noise) i have such a big ass
the cat ate my heart medicine#set a course mr maggie anywhere but home
ext space ship  continuous)#(annoyed grunt)
int nuclear plant  corridor  continuous)#(sings) walkin' down a corridor / usin' both my feet / wish i was in floridor / now i will repeat / oh i am walkin' down a corridor / usin' both my feet
good ol' don#we sure will miss your your um uh  what'd you do again ?
safety inspector 7g#(puzzled noise) but wait a minute that is my job
yes of course it is there are two of us and i have been covering for you all these years#(stunned) that would explain a lot but why did you do it ?
(to homer) but now you will not have me to protect you#no please all i am asking you to do is stay twentyone more years
(yawns) how was your day ?#(upset) stressful do you see how loose my tie is ?
(very alarmed murmur)#for the first time i actually had to do my job
(moved) oh sweetie (hugs him)#(moan) and marge i have got this weird new feeling in my stomach a little sour and a little sick
"shpilkes"#they have a lot of funny words for notsofunny things
hey homer carl and i are gonna see if we can sneak out of the men's room without setting off the automatic toilets ninjastyle#look i do not have time for childish games if i do not do my job atoms go boom
(walks up) simpson i want a full plant status report at five o'clock#yes sir yes sir can i get a four fiftyfive wakeup call ?
no (exits)#(sad moan)
i thought we weren't allowed to do homework at the table#(aggravated) it is called a double standard one of the bedrocks of parenting
you have been working so hard lately maybe you should take a break#no marge if i lose my job in this economy it is a death sentence oh i guess as a fallback i could direct films like angelina jolie how many properties do we have an option on ?
none#what ? (accusing) when were you gonna tell me ?
(startled noise)#when ?
homie workaholic is probably your best "aholic" ever but you need to relaxso i got us all tickets to see the circus on saturday#the circus ? (removes glasses) hmmm i have not been to the circus since i was a kid
is that true ?#(chuckles) okay marge we can go to the circus maybe i can finally find out why a man would think a stool is a proper defense against a lion
int circus tent  day)#dammit this circus wifi is a joke
i thought you were going to try to relax#how can anyone relax when they made us park in stack parking ?
i knew he wasn't gonna like the stack parking#what kind of insane parking system is designed so you are blocked in by everyone that arrived after you ?
what kind of insane parking system is designed so you are blocked in by everyone that arrived after you ?#the early bird gets the shaft
shhh#(to marge) oh my god what if all those clowns are parked in the same lot as us ? maybe there is better wifi in the freak tent
(to marge) oh my god what if all those clowns are parked in the same lot as us ? maybe there is better wifi in the freak tent#'scuse me pardon me what the hell ?
'scuse me pardon me what the hell ?#oh finally the business call i have been waiting for hello this is
oh finally the business call i have been waiting for hello this is#(getting squirt noises)
ext circus  midway  day  a little later)#come on kids there is nothing you would be interested in here
hey#eh they will grow back
homer i have to use the (loud whisper) porta potty#oh for god's now ? do you have to ?
hey dad since we have gotta wait can not we please see an act ?#(sighs) fine (not thrilled) but i will be amazed if i am astounded
(theatrical) i need a new volunteer (to homer) how about you sir ?#(aghast) hey is that time right ? i have a deadline in an hour and a half
you know dad studies show being hypnotized makes you more efficient#(a little reluctant) okay
now we have never met have we sir ?#ooh patter
do you have any children ?#no but we are having fun trying (laughs) wait i mean three
when i snap my fingers you shall be (meaningful) ten years old#look can we get to the point ? i am stack parked did you hear me ? stack
you are ten years old#(wiseass 10yearold) no i am not
yes you are#(10yearold) no i am not
yes you are#(10yearold) no i am not
yes you are#(10yearold) yes you are
yes yes you are#(10yearold) yes you are
look i said you are#(10yearold) yeah you are too
(arms folded) i am not convinced#(10yearold to bart) i know you are but what am i infinity plus one jinx
now i am gonna test just how deeply homer's mind has been affected (offers paper cup) take a sip of this young man#(acting 10 voice coughs then spits it out) ew gross
(grim) i am saying he so desperately needs to believe he is ten that only the original hypnotist who did this can undo the trance without risking permanent damage to homer's psyche (chuckles)#(acting 10 voice choking) help help me
(not sotto) dear god#(acting 10 voice) psych
(acting 10 voice) psych#(acting 10 voice a little phony) oops
then can we get pizza on the way home ?#(acting 10 voice) ask for boogers on bart's half
ext simpson house  evening  establishing)#(acting 10 voice) get the ball boy c'mon
(acting 10 voice) get the ball boy c'mon#(acting 10 voice) go get it boy
(puzzled noise)#(acting 10 voice) go get it boy
(puzzled noise)#(acting 10 voice) go get it boy
(vicious snarling noises)#(acting 10 voice) hey ow ow i thought you were my best friend (pained noise) ow ow
well i guess it will have to be in bart's room (sighs) and i thought when homer cut off his thumb was bad#(acting 10 voice) um mrs simpson ?
(quick scream)#(10yearold giggle)
int bart's room  that night)#(startled waking up noise)
homer can not you sleep with mom ?#(acting 10 voice) i'd be too nervous have you noticed that she is kinda hot ?
if i am gonna get through this day i better irish up my coffee#(acting 10 voice) i am ready to go to school
homer you are not going to school#(acting 10 voice) i am not ? cool am i sick ?
(acting 10 voice) i am not ? cool am i sick ?#(acting 10 voice) 'cause if i am sick i get to stay home and make s'mores all i need is graham crackers chocolate marshmallows sticks fire
(acting 10 voice) 'cause if i am sick i get to stay home and make s'mores all i need is graham crackers chocolate marshmallows sticks fire#(acting 10 voice) did i say graham crackers ? chocolate marshmallows sticks fire
every day's the wrong day to wear culottes (tags milhouse) you are "it"#(walks up acting 10 voice) can i play ?
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#(acting 10 voice) i am beat
int bart's room  that night)#(yawns) today was fun
yeah listen homerdo you ever think about what you want to do when you are grown up ?#(furious) why you little
(furious) why you little#(acting 10 voice) i will eat in bed not just snacks messy stuff like lasagna (after a beat) oh and tv would be on loud
hey would you ever wanna have a real job and a family ?#(acting 10 voice) pff wife ? three kids ? steady job ? if i did i'd secretly be very sad you could tell by how much i would eat and drink and just sit on the couch
(huge gasp)#(acting 10 voice) yeah thank god that never happened
wow he does not want to be my dad he just wants to be a kid like me almost makes me not wanna prank him almost#(terrified snoring noises)
ext simpson house  night)#(acting 10 voice) lisa
(acting 10 voice) lisa#(acting 10 voice) your ma says i should do something with you need some help with your homework ?
i am done#(acting 10 voice) wanna see me make a muscle ?
(considering noise) not right now#(acting 10 voice) well that is everything i know that girls like
listen homer i just want to take advantage of this opportunity to have you enjoy my saxophone with me#okay
int lisa's room  continuous)#(imitates sax) doo doo doo doo doo doo (going high) doodoodoo ddoodoo / doo doo doo ddoodoo (going low) doodoodoo ddoo ddoodoo ddoo doo ddoo doo (etc)
ext springfield fishing hole  day)#(still singing) ddoo doo doo doo doo (acting 10 voice) y'know you are the closest thing i have ever had to a brother
me too and you know what ? i am afraid you might change back#(acting 10 voice) change back to what ?
(sighs) look in the lake tell me what you see#(acting 10 voice) bloated corpse under the water i'd say he is been there a few months at least interesting the way his lips move just like mine why do you ask ?
ext simpson house  backyard)#(10yearold laugh)
(10yearold laugh)#(laughs with water in his nostrils then hacking cough as if choking on water)
ext soarin' over springfield ride)#woo hoo
woo hoo#(cough)
ext park  a little later)#(acting 10 voice) what do we do next ? what do we do next ?
(meaningful) homer come here#(acting 10 voice) bye bart stay ten forever
(clapping hands) you are back#(stressedout adult)  parked i hate stack parking wait where am i ? this is not the circus it is an amusement park the furthest thing from a circus
well here's what happened#marge sweetie i am not gonna lie i must have tied one on at moe's if you have it in your heart could you forgive me and totally blame my friends ?
(intense) homie i have missed you#ooh (chuckles) i have missed you too (kisses her back)
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#(worldweary sigh)
int bart's room  continuous)#what the ? lasagna in bed ?
recommended by a kid i used to know#(thinks then) y'know i used to have this friend i told him all my dreams really really great kid
(touched) you think so ?#the best wonder what ever happened to him
well maybe you sat on him and he was never seen again#(puzzled noise) you know boy i am not sure i can strangle you anymore i am gonna try something new
(puzzled noise) you know boy i am not sure i can strangle you anymore i am gonna try something new#(warmly) what do you say boy ? wanna split the lasagna ?
get lost#(rising anger) why you little ?
oh so good to have you back#(yawns) it is good to be back (yawns)
(disappointed murmur)#can we cuddle for a little while ?
(gasp) a bald eagle#(comparing eagle on quarter with eagle in sky) it is
homer quick get your shooing broom#marge an eagle is our country's mascot fighting him is like kicking george washington in his wooden nuts
marge an eagle is our country's mascot fighting him is like kicking george washington in his wooden nuts#this means war boy bring my toupee
this means war boy bring my toupee#(sotto) go ahead boy
gotcha#uh pittsburgh thirtyfive dallas thirtyone
uh pittsburgh thirtyfive dallas thirtyone#haha stupid eagle it wasn't the mouse we were after it was you marge preheat the oven
int bart's bedroom  continuous)#you get out
you get out#i have got him cornered boy bag him up
i have got him cornered boy bag him up#(lunging noises/squawks)
(lunging noises/squawks)#(laughs) not so majestic in a trash bag are ya ?
(laughs) not so majestic in a trash bag are ya ?#oopsie
oopsie#(to eagle) seems almost a shame i am gonna have to bang you against a wall till you die
no let's take the eagle to shelbyville animal rescue where you took that injured hummingbird you found on the front lawn#um
or maybe we can nurse him back to health and set him free in the wild#okay bart think of a name make it great (very enthused) insanely unbelievably great
squawky ?#perfect just like when we let you name maggie
squawky until i met you i never thought i could love something bald#bye
(gasp)#oh my god brace yourselves family we are about to meet a being with intelligence far beyond ours boy get me my baseball bat
hello i am elon musk#die
dad no elon musk is possibly the greatest living inventor#you are the guy who put wheels on luggage ? oh bless you bless you
his company perfected electric cars and then gave away the patents he changed the way hollywood drives#(proud) and now he is landed in our yard on my son's bike and on our mailman's leg
what did bring me to springfield ? well to start with i am an idea man it is my raison d'tre#mmm raisin detra
that is so sad maybe we are the same two lost ships in the intellectual sea each of whom could inspire the other to#(interrupting) hey elon if you are interested you could come to the nuclear plant where i work tomorrow
(enthused) i am and i will#great and if anyone asks where i am just cover for me
homer#fine we will both go and if anybody asks you something you do not understand just say "protons"
int homer's car  morning)#so do you get satellite radio cheaper in space ?
homer if we are gonna carpool together there is one thing you have to know#"ass gas or grass no one rides for free" it is as old as the bible
no it is that i do not talk to anyone unless they provide the mental stimulation i seek#ditto
(horrified gasp)#aw man i wish those were white meatballs
oh wow that is an idea white meatballs synthetic meat that you can print from your printer say something else please now#uh do not tase me bro chocolate rain
tase bro chocolate rain use electroplating to remove metal ions from rainwater making it suitable for drinking#what about the chocolate ?
well come on keep throwing things at me#um
oh this is a break we are we are taking a break#i gotcha
you are fun#well duh
what are you writing ? share buddy#suggestion for the "suggestion box"
can anyone make a suggestion ?#be my guest but i seriously doubt the old man ever reads 'em
well you will need to increase the capacity of your plant you cover the costs you get a hundred percent of the profits#(sotto) careful elon he is not as kindly as he appears
ext nuclear plant  cooling towers  day  lunchtime)#so what kind of lunch do you pack ?
so what kind of lunch do you pack ?#wow elon you are like willie wonka without the underpaid munchkins
wow elon you are like willie wonka without the underpaid munchkins#uh i'd like to offer you something but all i have got is coffee with cream
uh i'd like to offer you something but all i have got is coffee with cream#come on i want cream give it up (struggles then annoyed grunt) cream and sugar are one thing too many
(inspired) exactly exactly what if we make the cream cup out of sugar so it dissolves in the coffee ?#wow wow between your genius and my nothing we make a great team come on give me a hug
sorry i am not one for hugging#well i am not one for just talking
well i am not one for just talking#does that drone do date nights with the wife ?
ext springfield  day)#(sings to "twinkle little star") since you came down from the sky
(sings to "twinkle little star") since you came down from the sky#car go park at work so people think i am there
(slowing down) you are welllcome#(impressed whistle) you really came back from that tommy john surgery
tell musk there is more where that came from#(puzzled) more of what ?
(puzzled) more of what ?#(woozy noise)
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#(sad noise)
what is wrong homer ? is it that all your friends are out of work and it is kind of your fault ?#(dismissive) no it is elon i do not care how much he likes me i do not wanna be friends with him anymore none of his pie in the sky ideas ever work out sky pies are lie pies (sad) of all the planets in the universe why did he have to come to this one ?
(dismissive) no it is elon i do not care how much he likes me i do not wanna be friends with him anymore none of his pie in the sky ideas ever work out sky pies are lie pies (sad) of all the planets in the universe why did he have to come to this one ?#how do you break up with a guy ?
here's what you do you just take his hand look in his eyes and say (firmly) "i do not want to be with you anymore"#(impressed) wow you are good at that
int burns' office  continuous)#oh my god oh my god you saved my life which is gonna make what i am about to say even more awkward
whatever you want we will make it work right homer ?#elon elon elon i want to say something to you and i do not want you to be inspired by it i want you to listen
no#i do not want to be with you anymore
can i ask why ?#i could say it is the being shot at or the flat emotionless way you talk or the fact that paypal was my idea and i was just about to do it when you came out with it but really it is that this town is not ready for you and neither am i
it is okay i will be fine#it is on your face too
it is on your face too#well i have saved you one last prize from the cracker jack box that is my brain use it as you will
well i have saved you one last prize from the cracker jack box that is my brain use it as you will#on a miami dolphins helmet the little dolphin is also wearing a helmet
(embarrassed giggle) i just wanted to see if there was a better life even for a little bit#(sternly) when you are sixteen i will drive you to cincinnati and you will see what there is to see
what is wrong dad ?#(sadly) nothing
elon's log earthdate 25 january 2015 i have left springfield forever but there are some things i will definitely miss#the little dolphin is also wearing a helmet (record skipping) wearing a helmet wearing a helmet
wait a minute (holding up the old song sheet) this song was supposedly written by former mayor moleman#i met a guy a wonderful guy
(smacking horse's butt) hyah#boy sure is nice not to be the one on the horse for a change
whoa thinking back i am kinda surprised mom and dad let a crazy man spend all night in my bedroom#(passing by) simpler time
i think we might just make a good team like maggie and grampa#(suspicious) what are you doing ?
what is it look like ? writing a song#(shrugs) artists
ext classic old theatre  night  establishing)#(chuckles) i saved us seats
oh thank you homie (kisses him)#thank you roll of masking tape
thank you roll of masking tape#gonna be a tight fit
our kids just did something amazing#well not maggie
get up#okay okay (heroic) standing o or die
okay okay (heroic) standing o or die#woo hoo
(hateful laughter)#stop laughing at me
(terrified screams)#stop fearing me (sobs)
stop fearing me (sobs)#dammit
int simpson house  kitchen  the next morning)#please keep spinning it i do not wanna look at it
please keep spinning it i do not wanna look at it#(to marge) can not you say something to make me feel better ?
i am sorry but i can not i am tired of you saying planes have gotten smaller and two presidents were fatter than you and (sighs)#fine i got it starting right now a yearlong juice cleanse every morning i get a colonic and i sleep in a sauna every night
(murmurs) that is not a healthy way to lose weight#it is not about health marge it is about going crazy
you do not have to do this alone#what the ?
what the ?#hmmm
ext community center  night)#(deep breath) this is it
you go girth#(surprised noise)
(surprised noise)#i am sorry i thought you were overfeeders anonymous
nono in fact quite the opposite we are "big is beautiful"#so you guys are proud of what you are ?
we do not cower in the shadows we make the shadows#do you guys serve snacks ?
mustn't forget the diet soda#i have so many questions for you first of all is this floor reinforced ?
i have so many questions for you first of all is this floor reinforced ?#you know maybe i should not be here i promised my wife i'd lose weight
you know maybe i should not be here i promised my wife i'd lose weight#(puzzled noise)
if i may#ooh labels
our loved ones though precious can often be a hurdle#who are you ?
who are you ?#ooh like fat albert
(kind) we never use the word "fat" here#sorry
my dear fat friend all your wife needs is a little education now repeat after me i am big#i am big
i am beautiful#i have a beauty of a sort to some
no one can make me feel bad about who i am because this (pats stomach) is who i am#ditto (touched) you know i have always wanted to blindly follow somebody and i think you just might be the guy
int simpson house  living room  later that night)#marge kids tonight was a turning point in my life
(immersed in her work) well that is great homie just let me finish uploading this photo#no marge you have to listen that place you sent me to changed my life
thank you lord and i will give up online scrapbooking like i promised#they taught me that i do not need to lose weight i should just be proud of what i am
(frustrated murmur)#it is not what you think his name is albert and he taught me not to buy into the lies taught by "big nutrition"
that is worse than what i thought#marge you are my wife of ten years and i love you but i must observe the teachings of this man i just met tonight now the first thing i have to do is make amends with the bathroom scale
marge you are my wife of ten years and i love you but i must observe the teachings of this man i just met tonight now the first thing i have to do is make amends with the bathroom scale#i am so sorry i threw you across the room and called you a liar when you told me i was two hundred and sixty pounds you were just encouraging me it was a poem you were writing about my potential i am gonna start celebrating my size and i need you with me as a partner now if you will excuse me i need to talk to the broken porch swing
ext moe's  night  establishing)#from now on you guys can no longer say these hateful words
from now on you guys can no longer say these hateful words#chubby chunky blobbo slobbo fat bastard michelin man staypuft chumbawamba (calling out) it is balloon papa grand augustus gloop beached whale big boned wisconsin skinny butterball dumptruck jelly belly pudgy wudgy lard ass blubberino buddha belly hurry eat tubman one ton soup (flips page) blob saget chub hub calvin cool whip manfred manboobs 21 lump street walking before picture fatso harvey milk chocolate obese want cannoli mahatma gumbo salvador deli elmer pantry kfc and the sponge cake band snackie onassis (flips page again) the foodie blues hoagie carmichael and wide load
what about mr two belts ?#good good by which i mean bad bad
what ? you are kiddin'#we never dreamed
(chanting) we are big we are proud two of us can make a crowd#sorry fellas there is a movement i have to join i have learned there is something more important than drinking eating
homer simpson ?#right here
right here#excuse me pardon me coming through
excuse me pardon me coming through#comin' back 'scuse me pardon me
comin' back 'scuse me pardon me#there we go comin' up what can i do for you ?
homer you have to choose and i think the choice is clear#guys i am comin' back in suck in your guts
no more judgment no more jokes we will not be made to feel less than because we are greater than#i was distinctly promised no math
oh kids stop arguing or keep arguing i do not care homer i am sorry i tried to help you control your weight (sad sigh) i am not sure of anything anymore sorry i ever open my mouth#marge it is not your fault that you can not win against a superior being like albert
marge it is not your fault that you can not win against a superior being like albert#but marge i do not want you to ever stop caring about me
how can you follow a leader who will not even get up out of his chair ?#marge i believe you are forgetting america's greatest wartime wheelchairbound leader professor x of the xmen
int funeral home  continuous)#i have never written an eulogy before but this time i did unfortunately i left it at home
i have never written an eulogy before but this time i did unfortunately i left it at home#thanks lady
thanks lady#(reading) what albert taught us is that all people have pride and no group should ever be insulted he knew what was important was how you lived your life every daytill he was taken from us too soon at the age of
(reading) what albert taught us is that all people have pride and no group should ever be insulted he knew what was important was how you lived your life every daytill he was taken from us too soon at the age of#twentythree ? people for god's sake join a gym
much more#marge i am sorry i was proud of myself
that is not really what i was#it will never happen again now come on let's walk home
ext springfield street  sunset)#can i ask you something ? what is it that keeps you with me ?
it is because everything you love you love so much#and because you love me i will not stop yoyo dieting till i get it right
(touched noise)#at last
you finally reached emotional maturity unlike bart#marge stop that crazy thing
int bedroom  continuous)#(determined) i am not spending my precious saturday chauffeuring those overprivileged kids to a better life than i ever had
i need a ride to cub scouts#(surprised scream)
int moe's  morning  continuous)#moe quick beer me before i answer the phone
(timewasting noises)#(extremely intense) i need it now
(extremely intense) i need it now#(super casual) hey marge i am supposed to help drive the kids ? oh man i wish i knew that sooner but i just had a beer
(into phone) you are already drinking at eight o'clock in the morning ? how much have you had ?#woo hoo off the hook
looks like this is all me#yeah while you are at it can you pick me up some beer ?
i can not close down the bar on a saturday that is when you guys can drink 'cause you are not workin' for three days#hey moe i will take care of the bar you did me a favor today
int moe's  later)#man moe's barely got two nickels to rub together
(holds up bottle) i am woman hear me pour oh yeah#there is no guys we have not made any money
you can not mean that#we do not look at you that way
hey wait a minute we can get you a job there is an opening at the nuclear plant 'cause of that guy that defected to north korea#good ol' dae ho used to give me the pickles off his sandwich and all i had to do was let him copy some keys
we are gonna search this place from top to bottom#(short scream) that is where all the problems are
huh no one was in there#look moe the least you could let me do is anything i want
all right let me be honest with yous after all the money this plant lost on that nitwit elon musk they are lookin' for cutbacks so i have been goin' over your record#(very worried noise)
yeah the only reason you have not been fired is because your file here (holds up file) was holdin' up a sofa that was missin' a leg#well that is the logic where is the affection ?
smithers what profit a man if he gain the world and lose his soul seriously i need an amount in round dollars#(gloomy) plantwatering guy
(not looking up) yes yes go ahead and be careful with the venus flytrap#all right
they say you catch more flies with honey i say with flytraps#(muffled struggling noise) what do i do now ?
just lean into it it will be over soon one way or another#(muffled) oh all right
(muffled) oh all right#(muffled annoyed grunt)
now they will not even have lunch with me#(a little condescending) well you know people can kinda act like they are in grade school
oh now you gotta throw your grade school education in my face ?#you know moe you are a real jerk i did not mind so much when it came with beer
int simpson house  master bedroom  night)#marge which can makes me look cooler ? the drizzler or mr drip ?
(very dejected noise)#aw your leaves are drooping here let me turn that gloom into bloom
aw your leaves are drooping here let me turn that gloom into bloom#(sings a little tune)
(very pleased noise then) homer simpson working with those plants is great it is helped you get in touch with your feminine side#(recoils) feminine ?
(angry sliding noises)#(happy) so good to be back
how come there is never a "take your son to work day ?"#(sotto) 'cause boys are already on track to get all the good jobs the dirty dozen ? all guys twelve angry men ? (smug noise) men the xmen ? (beat) mostly men
is it called the cooling tower because there is#not my department
dad do you have anything i can eat ?#(caught off guard noise)
(caught off guard noise)#oh uh i will turn this corn chip into a wonderful meal using my greatest skill  lunchroom trading shut your eyes
but what about the presentation ? the eyes taste first then lips then palate then the body's harshest critic the colon#okay sweetie open those baby blacks
simpson all you have to do is babysit the princess  keeping her in this hotel room during the negotiations#babysitting eh ? what do i know about kids ?
babysitting eh ? what do i know about kids ?#(hawk noise) princess why did you put on that coat ? you are obviously cold may i escort you to the radiator ?
no i want to go out i am twentyfive years old#uh just a second (nonchalant) hey marge yeah i am workin' late yep special project
lenny said you were babysitting and if you are babysitting why can not you do some at home ? i could use a night out#sorry marge (snooty) but i am the royal babysitter if i start watching commoners the tongues of the court will be awag
i want to go out and see the america whose greatest cities i have only seen destroyed in movies#i see you want excitement princess have you ever heard of studio fiftyfour cbgbs the roxbury ?
(excited) yes i have dreamed of#all gone but in their place we have five hundred channels of television all awesome sit down and i will show you
so all these concubines belong to this one tyrant ?#he is called "the bachelor"
please let me go out#all right princess i will take you to a place that is fun with a capital f
(furious noises)#can i try it ?
eh you gotta be mad at something#well i am mad i am not doing it
well i am mad i am not doing it#and you gave it to him ?
now guess how much of the twenty million i saw ?#eight million ?
zero#get outta here
(then) if kemi there is a nigerian princess her brother just might be the nigerian prince that took my money#(gasps) she is gone
and she trashed my bar (looks around) oh no wait she actually cleaned up a little good for her#chief thank god i was drinking at moe's and i lost an african princess
lost african princess eh ? well lucky for you she just happens to be in the back of my cruiser#yes the prayer i forgot to say has been answered
yes the prayer i forgot to say has been answered#(puzzled) what the ?
(pleased) really ?#(getting thrown out noise)
int springfield police station  night)#guys thanks for bailing me out (very worried) but i still have a huge problem
uh hello simpson just checking up may i speak with the princess ?#um yeah sure (falsetto) hello this is the princess i am with homer simpson and i do declare he is wonderful oh that is right i am from south africa fiddle dee dee
just relax and enjoy the music#moe szyslak
moe szyslak#this is the part of the fairytale where the princess goes back to the hotel and watches tv
well dude as long as he can run he can beat us#(annoyed grunt)
(to kemi) and as for you your punishment will be#uh may i speak to you majesty father to father ?
(gasps) a woman has allowed you to sire her children ?#there was beer involved i have two daughters and i have learned you have to let them go their own way even the oneyearold
(curtseys) majesty#and the older one i can not tell her what to do and she is only twelve
eight#see what i mean ? always an argument
see what i mean ? always an argument#but the thing you have to remember is that you have to let them be who they are because you love them
i am not convinced#uh because you want them to grow
still not convinced#and because you can not strangle a girl
god does not hear my prayers if he did i'd be at home on the couch playing video games in a diaper#oh god gets your prayers but he just clicks delete without reading them like email updates from linkedin
yeah so uh i am going out to rehearse the revue#go go make magic you just go
go go make magic you just go#(chuckles to himself) revue
ext simpson house  continuous)#oh boy oh boy
int simpsons house  kitchen  a little later)#one am lovin' and two am steak ? night marriage rules (sighs) i guess nothing gets the heart pumping like a church revue
huh ? (guilty) oh yeah yeah yeah the revue#what are the skits about ?
uh pop culture and current events#how do you transition between scenes  hard blackouts or spotlight fades ?
both#nice (thinks) you know it would not be a revue without songs tell me about one
okay there is a song about um how democrats and republicans can not get along (inspired) it is called "cats and dogs"#(impressed) you got yourself one hell of a show marge one hell of a show
homie homie i can finally tell you how we really got the money#(scared) marge ? some casino guys have me and they want the money you took from them or else
(quick horrified gasp) this is all my fault#just tell me one thing marge why did you lose faith in the revue ? i mean "cats and dogs" writes itself (singing) cats and dogs on capital hill / they do not get along and never will
just tell me one thing marge why did you lose faith in the revue ? i mean "cats and dogs" writes itself (singing) cats and dogs on capital hill / they do not get along and never will#(singing) cats and dogs squabble's never ending / even with so much legislation pending
int riverboat casino  holding room  continuous)#well i was taking a moment to enjoy my after dinner night cap
int simpson house  tv room  night)#(startled belch)
mom's counting cards at the casino#if anything happens to marge (realizing quick gasp) we will all be orphans
ext riverboat casino  night)#i am comin' for ya baby
i am comin' for ya baby#have you seen this woman ? have you ? have you seen my wife ?
this is your wife ?#(desperate) do you know where she is ?
uh we'd like to ask you some questions in our "beating room"#all right as long as it is just questions
ext riverboat casino  establishing  day)#(scared moan) are you gonna put my head in a vise ?
we just want the money your wife stole from us#stole ? how is counting cards stealing ?
well it is not really stealing#is it even cheating ?
no but it is just not allowed#i do not get it football players can do the quarterback sneak and baseball players can steal bases why can not i just remember which cards have been played ?
i can not take any more of this guy get the vise#(smug) i knew you had a vise i knew it
you are free to leave as long as your faithbased card counting group never return to this or any other river or maritime casino#no deal
(shocked) but we do not need to come back we saved the church#no an injustice has gone on here for too long
no an injustice has gone on here for too long#i am not leaving this casino until you stop punishing people for counting cards they are just playing the game by the rules
homie after all this do you still believe in god ?#on a beautiful night like tonight how could i not ?
ooo careful homer#there is no time to be careful
there is no time to be careful#we are late
(hushed voice) sorry excuse us pardon me#(simultaneously) hey norman how is it going ? so you got dragged down here too heh heh how ya doing fred ? excuse me fred
(simultaneously) hey norman how is it going ? so you got dragged down here too heh heh how ya doing fred ? excuse me fred#pardon my galoshes (chuckles)
and now presenting lisa simpson as tawanga the santa claus of the south seas#oh it is lisa that is ours
the fifth grade will now favor us with a scene from charles dickens' "a christmas carol"#(groans) how many grades does this school have ?
int simpson house  living room  evening)#(into phone growing mad) who shall i say is calling ?
marge please#it is your sister
(into phone) hello#what ? why ? oh yeah (forced politeness) hello patty hello selma how was your trip ?
we had some sadness and some gladness this year first the sadness our little cat snowball was unexpectedly run over and went to kitty heaven but we bought a new little cat snowball iiso i guess life goes on speaking of life going on grampa is still with us feisty as ever maggie is walking by herself lisa got straight a's and bart well we love bart the magic of the season has touched us all"#(mad) marge have not you finished that stupid letter yet ?
(continues) "homer sends his love happy holidays"#marge
(continues) "the simpsons"#(mad) marge where is the extension cord ?
oh for heavens sakes homer it is in the utility drawer#sorry i am just a big kid and i love christmas so much
sorry i am just a big kid and i love christmas so much#(grumbling) every year
(shocked) a tattoo#a what
(firm) you will not be getting a tattoo for christmas#yeah if you want one you will have to pay for it out of your own allowance
homer#(into phone) y'ello
marge please#(into phone) who is this ?
may i please speak to marge ?#(into phone) this is her sister is not it ?
good one dad#okay kids prepare to be dazzled (calling) marge turn on the juice
okay kids prepare to be dazzled (calling) marge turn on the juice#what do you think kids ?
(from next door) just hold your horses son hey hey simpson#what is it flanders ?
oh neato#(to bart and lisa) it is too bright (muttering to himself) that flanders what a big showoff
go get your money#spill it marge where have you been hiding the christmas money ?
you can look now#oh big jar this year
int nuclear power plant  day)#(checking dials) mmhmm mmmhmm mmmhmm
(checking dials) mmhmm mmmhmm mmmhmm#(oblivious) mmmhmm mmmhmm
merry christmas#oh thank god for the big jar
ow quit it#hey what is with this ?
but mom had to spend all the christmas money having it surgically removed#(gasps) it is true the jar's empty oh my god we are ruined christmas is cancelled no presents for anyone
do not worry homer we will just have to stretch your christmas bonus even further this year#(shrieks)
int moe's tavern  day)#(nonchalant beyond belief) oh yeah my christmas bonus (chuckle) how silly of me this'll be the best christmas yet the best any family ever had hehheh
i get the feeling there is something you have not told me homer#(grunts) oh i love you marge
homer you tell me that all the time#oh good because i do love you and i do not deserve you as much as a guy with a fat wallet and a credit card that will not set off that horrible beeping
but i think it does have something to do with your christmas bonus i keep asking for it but#marge well let me be honest with you
yes#well (beat) i want to do the christmas shopping this year
int circus of values  continuous)#marge marge marge let's see oooh look pantyhose practical and alluring (as he loads them in basket) a sixpack oh only four ninety nine
marge marge marge let's see oooh look pantyhose practical and alluring (as he loads them in basket) a sixpack oh only four ninety nine#oooh pads of paper i bet bart can think of a million things to do with these that just leaves little maggie oh look a little squeaktoy (he holds up a rubber pork chop and squeezes) it says it is for dogs but she can not read
ow (friendly) oh simpson it is you#(bitterly) hello flanders
(looking around at scattered presents) oh my what a little mess we have got here well which ones are yours and which ones are mine ?#well let's see
(quickly) this one's mine and this one's mine this one's mine and this#(angrily) they are all yours
hey mr simpson you dropped your pork chop#(grabbing it) gimme that
what is the matter homer ? somebody leave a lumpa coal in your stocking ? you have been sitting there sucking on a beer all day long#so ?
so it is christmas#(down) thanks moe
drinks all around#what is with the crazy getup barn ?
i got me a parttime job working as a santa down at the mall#wow can i do that ?
do you like children ?#what do you mean ? all the time ? even when they are nuts ?
what do you mean ? all the time ? even when they are nuts ?#oh i certainly do
what is it now simpson ?#huh when do we get paid ?
(weakly disappointed) ho ho ho ho ho ho#dasher dancer
umhmm#prancer
umhmm#nixon comet cupid donna dixon
sit down simpson#and what would you like little boy ?
you are not really santa tubby#why you little eggheaded
no no homer if such an emergency arises just tell them santa's very busy this time of year and you are one of his helpers#(smacking his forehead) oh i knew that one too
homer why are you seven hours late ?#(exhausted) not a word marge i am heading straight for the tub
but homer my sisters are here do not you want to say hello ?#(shudders)
fine#you both look well
thank you#yeah well merry christmas
(to patty) oh it is christmas ? you would not know it around here#and why is that ?
well for one thing there is no tree#well i was just on my way out to get one
can we ?#no
hey you what do you think you are doing ?#uhoh
int simpson house  living room  night)#so what do you think kids ? beauty is not it ?
why is there a birdhouse in it ?#that is an ornament
and then i want some robotoids and then i want a goop monster and then i want a great big giant#ah son you do not need all that junk i am sure you have already got something much more important a decent home and a loving father who would do anything for you (wc fieldsish) hey i could not afford lunch gimme a bite of that donut
i hope you feel better santa#i will when mrs claus's sisters get out of town thanks for listening kid
hey santa what is shaking ?#(disguised voice) what is your name bart ner ?  er  little partner ?
here ?#(through gritted teeth) i am jolly old saint nick
homer#i want a word with you in santa's workshop little boy (to elf) cover for me elfie
do not kill me dad i did not know it was you#nobody knows it is a secret i did not get my bonus this year but to keep the family from missing out on christmas i'd do anything
i will say dad you must really love us to sink so low#(breaking down) now let's not get mushy son i still have a job to do
ext workshop)#hey little ones santa's back ho ho
hey little ones santa's back ho ho#arrgh  (mutters) damn it to
int personnel office  night)#ah son one day you are gonna know the satisfaction of payday receiving a big fat check for a job well done
simpson homer ? here you go#come on son let's go cash this baby and get presents for  (notices shrieks) thirteen bucks ? hey wait a minute
that is right one hundred and twenty dollars gross less social security #yeah
less unemployment insurance #but
less santa training #santa ?
less costume purchase #wait a minute
less beard rental less christmas club#but but
come on dad let's go home#thirteen bucks we can not get anything for thirteen bucks
all right thirteen big ones springfield downs here i come#what ?
you heard me i am going to the dog track i got a hot little puppy in the fourth race wanna come ?#(gasps) bart did you hear that ? what a name  "santa's little helper" it is a sign it is an omen
(gasps) bart did you hear that ? what a name  "santa's little helper" it is a sign it is an omen#sorry barney i may be a total washout as a father but i am not gonna take my kid to some sleazy dog track on christmas eve
come on simpson the dog's name is whirlwind ten to one shot money in the bank#uhuh
ah come on dad this can be the miracle that saves the simpsons' christmas if tv has taught me anything it is that miracles always happen to poor kids at christmas it happened to tiny tim it happened to charlie brown it happened to the smurfs and it is gonna happen to us#(resigned) well okay let's go
(resigned) well okay let's go#who is tiny tim ?
(sing) we are in the money / we are in the money / we got a lot of what it takes to get along#(grumbling) i can not believe i am doing this
ext paddock  night)#hey barney which one is whirlwind ?
number six that is our lucky dog right over there he is won his last five races#what that scrawny little bag of bones ?
come on dad they are all scrawny little bags of bones#(resigned) yeah you are right (sighs) i guess whirlwind is our only hope for a merry christmas
int springfield down  betting window)#(to ticket seller) what are the odds on santa's little helper ?
ninety nine to one#(thrilled) whoa ninetynine times thirteen equals merry christmas
i got a bad feeling about this#do not you believe in me son ?
uh#come on boy sometimes your faith is all that keeps me going
(resigned) oh go for it dad#that is my boy (to ticket seller) everything on santa's little helper
int springfield downs)#(kissing the ticket  smack smack) come on bart kiss the ticket for good luck not that we need it hehhehheh
(ad libs) come on dog go man go come on santa's little helper run baby run#(ad libs) come on santa's little helper go go go run your tail off
(thru pa) and coming up on the left is "quadruped" followed by dog o' war and "fido"#go go
go santa's little helper#come on boy
(thru pa) dog of war coming up fast on the outside and with a lock on last place it is "santa's little helper"#(groans like he is having a heart attack)
(thru pa) and it is "whirlwind" by a country mile and in second "chew my shoe" followed by "dog o' war"#(groan)
it does not seem possible but i guess tv has betrayed me#i do not want to leave till our dog finishes
i do not want to leave till our dog finishes#ah forget it let's go
ext springfield downs parking lot  night)#find any winners son ?
and do not come back#oh no you do not no no get away from me uhuh
oh can we keep him dad please ?#but he is a loser he is pathetic he is
but he is a loser he is pathetic he is# a simpson
i will pay how much ?#all right look everybody i have a confession to make
this should be good#i did not get my christmas bonus i tried not to let it ruin christmas for everybody but no matter what i did i just could not 
this is the best gift of all homer#it is ?
what is his name ?#number eight i mean santa's little helper
like a light bulb#bart
like shineola#lisa
like strip poker#i am warning you two
take it homer#(singing) rudolph with your nose over here / so you can guide my sleigh today
nurturing#(to himself) hmmmm how could anyone make a word out of these lousy letters ?
(to himself) hmmmm how could anyone make a word out of these lousy letters ?#oh wait here's a good one  "do"
"id" triple word score#hey no abbreviations
as in "this game is stupid"#hey shut up boy
we could look this "id" thing up in the dictionary#we got one ?
(reads) "id along with the ego and the superego one of three components of the psyche"#(dubious) get outta here
twentytwo points plus triple word score plus fifty points for using all my letters game's over i am outta here#wait a minute you little cheater you are not going anywhere until you tell me what a kwyjibo is
and a short temper#i will show you a big dumb balding ape
he is a good boy now and he is getting better and sometimes even the best sheep stray from the flock and need to be hugged extra hard#that is exactly the kind of crapola that is lousing him up (notices the picture of the principal) hey look at this "i am a weiner" (chuckles) he sure is
hello again principal skinner#(to bart) what have you done this time boy ?
i caught your son defacing school property this morning we estimate the damage at seventyfive dollars and frankly we think it is terribly unfair that other taxpayers should foot the bill#yeah it is a crummy system but what are you gonna do ?
yeah it is a crummy system but what are you gonna do ?#oh no he can not mean that
oh no he can not mean that#my wife thinks you want me to pay for it
that was the idea#oh
mr and mrs simpson this our district psychiatrist dr j loren pryor#what do we need a psychiatrist for ? we know our kid is nuts
oh on the contrary i have some very exciting news for all of us this aptitude test we administered this morning has revealed that young bart here is what we call a "gifted child"#a what ?
bart ?#this lunkhead ?
no no we are quite certain the child is not supposed to know his own iq of course but uh you can see it is beyond the range of any doubt#(amazed) nine hundred and twelve ?
uh no you have it upside down it is two hundred and sixteen#(crestfallen) oh
sign me up doc#come on bart your mother's only trying to help so go ahead and enjoy the show
i think we are all in a mood to celebrate#doc this is all too much i mean my son a genius  how does it happen ?
no way#how 'bout a tie son ? everybody knows boy geniuses wear ties
(mouth full) you are stifling my creativity dad#sorry boy
bart this is a big day for you why do not you eat something a little more nutritious ?#nonsense marge frosty krusty flakes are what got him where he is today
nonsense marge frosty krusty flakes are what got him where he is today#it could be one of these chemicals here that makes him so smart lisa maybe you should try some of this
homer#i am just saying why not have two geniuses in the family ? sort of a spare in case bart's brain blows up
no rush dad take the scenic route#gotcha
oh no ties#do not worry son you can have mine here let me show you how to put on a tie
do not worry son you can have mine here let me show you how to put on a tie#the hook goes over the top and these things go in there
nurturing your brilliant brain so i got tickets to the opera tonight hurry up get dressed it starts at eight#well there is nothing wrong with a father kissing his son i think now go on boy and pay attention because if you do one day you may achieve something that we simpsons have dreamed about for generations you may outsmart someone
ext simpson house  night  establishing)#so how was it ?
osos#what ?
that is backwards for soso#wow what are you readin' there ? (looks) comic books ? uh guess you do not want to overheat the old noggin eh ?
wow what are you readin' there ? (looks) comic books ? uh guess you do not want to overheat the old noggin eh ?#tell you what to celebrate your first day of genius school whaddaya say we go out for a round of frosty chocolate milkshakes ?
bart i feel so bad for going so many years without uh hmmm what is that word where you encourage something to grow ?#but i am not a genius why should i suffer ?
there is no guy with peanuts dear#jeez no beer no opera dogs
bart stop fooling around homer stop encouraging him#do not stifle the boy marge we are supposed to encourage him
shhh#who is the lard butt ?
who are those people ?#pu when is this over ?
it ain't over till the fat lady sings#is that one fat enough for you son ?
is that one fat enough for you son ?#let's go get a burger
the what ?#(groans) sorry bart your mother bought us tickets to a snooty movie directed by some swedish meatball
oh no#well i guess we do not have to do that
um look dad i got something to tell you#can it wait son ? it is getting kinda dark
all right homer come on baby right across the plate  lemme feel the wind#(grunts)
whoa strike two two and two#can you still see the ball bart ?
do not worry homeboy you are not that fast#oh you do not think so eh ? well here comes some real heat (groans)
whoa yeah strike three you are outta there#so what was it you wanted to tell me son ?
i had a little accident in chemistry today#well i bet it is nothing a little turpentine will not take off come on son
ext simpson back porch)#do not be discouraged son i bet einstein turned himself all sorts of colors before he invented the light bulb
dad i gotta tell you something hope you will not be too mad#(concerned) what is it son ?
i am not a genius dad#what ?
i cheated on the intelligence test i am sorry but i just want to say that the past few weeks have been great me and you have done stuff together you have helped me out with things and we are closer than we have ever been i love you dad and i think if something can bring us that close it can not possibly be bad#why you little  
oh well#you can not stay in there forever
i can try#march your butt right out here now
no way man#but  son if you do not come out i can not "hug" you and "kiss you" and make you feel all better
do you think i am dumb enough to fall for that i am insulted#(annoyed grunt)
(from screen) hey you guys look hot#nothin's easy
int coffee room  continuous)#you know i defy anyone to tell the difference between these donuts and ones baked today hey my boy's s'posed to be here any second on a field trip they been through here yet ?
come on simpson if they wanted the kids to see you sitting around on your butt and stuffing your face they'd take them on a tour of your house#(excited) you are right i gotta get where the action is
(excited) you are right i gotta get where the action is#comin' through
woo woo i am up here#oh hi boy
(into bullhorn) i might have known it was you simpson#but sir i 
here's a good job at the fireworks factory#(depressed) those perfectionists ? forget it
supervising technician at the toxic waste dump#(sadly) i am no supervising technician i am a technical supervisor i have never done anything worthwhile in my life i am a big worthless nothing
yeah go for it dad#you are right i am young i am ablebodied and i will take anything watch out springfield here i come
int bar  moe's tavern  afternoon)#i am just a technical supervisor who cared too much
int moe's tavern)#you will get that punk someday moe
ahh i do not know he is tough to catch he keeps changing his name#(reaches into his pocket) moe i think i will have another  (opens wallet sees it is empty)  whoops (checks pockets pulls inside out) moe i am a little low on funds you think could cover me just this once ?
no sorry#why not ? i think after all these years i deserve an explanation
i do not think you are ever going to get another job and be able to pay me back#oh
are you all right homer ?#i am fine i am just thinking
well i have been thinking too you know homer you have always been such a good provider but when we got married mr berger promised i could come back to my old job anytime i wanted#you think you can still do that kind of work ?
(sings from tv) you can not get enough of that wonderful duff / duff beer#beer now there is a temporary solution
int refrigerator)#there must be some beer here somewhere ah maybe in here
there must be some beer here somewhere ah maybe in here#damn
damn#i need money
int kitchen  simpson house)#oh no what have i done ? i smashed open my little boy's piggy bank and for what ? a few measly cents not even enough to buy one beer (then) wait a minute lemme count and make sure
oh no what have i done ? i smashed open my little boy's piggy bank and for what ? a few measly cents not even enough to buy one beer (then) wait a minute lemme count and make sure#not even close
not even close#"dear family i am an utter failure and you will be better off without me by the time you read this i will be in my watery grave i can only leave you with the words my father gave me 'stand tall have courage and never give up' i only hope i can provide a better model in death than i did in life warmest regards (he scratches it out) love homer j simpson"
ext street  night)#(panting) almost there
(panting) almost there#hey you idiot watch where you are going
ext simpson house)#well live and learn
do not do it dad#(gasps)
(gasps)#boy this intersection is dangerous someone ought to put a stop sign here
yeah dad / yeah / we love you#kill myself ? killing myself is the last thing i'd ever do now i have a purpose a reason to live i do not care who i have to face i do not care who i have to fight i will not rest until this street gets a stop sign
cool man#would not want to run into him in a dark alley
oh yeah ?#(clears throat) ladies and gentlemen esteemed councilmen boys and girls retired people with nothing better to do danger comes in many many forms from the dinosaurs that tormented our cavemen ancestors to the 
(interrupting) simpson get to the point#i think we should put a stop sign at d street and twelfth the other 
approved meeting adjourned coffee and maple logs in the lobby#wow they listened to me
you did it homer#hey if they think i am gonna stop at that stop sign they are sadly mistaken
oh homer i am so proud of you#(down) proud proud of what ?
well everything (gesturing) your dip sign for instance now people will not be caught offguard by that little (makes dip gesture with her hand) in the road#ah what a great family but come on we all know this is small potatoes there is a danger in this town that is bigger than all the dips put together
what dad ?#i am talking about that
(mumbling) gee dad's a hero#what did you say son ?
nothin'#that is okay i will just assume you said what i thought i heard you say
(chanting) homer homer#(into bullhorn) thank you
yeah#(into bullhorn) unlike most of you i am not a nut just a good honest american who opposes wrongdoing and especially carelessness wherever they occur
ext power plant)#(into bullhorn) our lives are in the hands of men no smarter than you or i many of them incompetent boobs i know this because i have worked along side them gone bowling with them watched them pass me over for promotions time and again and i say this stinks
burns wants to talk to you privately#(into bullhorn) privately ?
(pushing away bullhorn) yes#(into bullhorn to crowd) stay here i will be right back
ah homer simpson at last we meet#same here
simpson i want you to rejoin our power plant family#sorry no can do
hear me out simpson i do not want you to come back as a technical supervisor or supervising technician or whatever the hell you used to do i want you to be in charge of safety here at the plant#safety ? but sir if truth be known i actually caused more accidents around here than any other employee there were even a few doozies no one ever found out about
yeah#hey what is the problem here ?
hey what is the problem here ?#(thinks) me in charge of safety ? this place could blow skyhigh (then) nah i will concentrate on my work now (then) gee this guy's desk sure is big (then) i can not let marge support the family (then) this guy's got the cleanest shirt i have ever seen what should i
simpson time's up#umm what the hey i will take the job
excellent your first duty will be to step out on the (gesturing) balcony and tell that crowd this plant is safe#(gasp) what ?
go dad#(into bullhorn) ladies and gentlemen this plant is 
(into bullhorn) ladies and gentlemen this plant is #(into bullhorn) oh sit tight i will be right back
(into bullhorn) oh sit tight i will be right back#i can not do it mr burns
you mean you are willing to give up a good job and a raise just for your principles ?#hmm when you put it that way it does sound a little farfetched but that is the lug you are looking at and i vow to continue spending every free minute i have crusading for safety of course i'd have a lot less of those free minutes if you gave me the job
you have got the job now get to work#i will get to work but first i have to say goodbye to some friends
ext plant)#(into bullhorn sniffling) friends you have come to depend on me as your safety watchdog so you will not scrape yourself or stub your toes or blow yourselves up but you can not depend on me all your lives you have to learn that there is a little homer simpson in all of us
(into bullhorn sniffling) friends you have come to depend on me as your safety watchdog so you will not scrape yourself or stub your toes or blow yourselves up but you can not depend on me all your lives you have to learn that there is a little homer simpson in all of us#(into bullhorn covering) and i am gonna have to live with out your respect and awe the only reason i am telling you this is i am going to be leaving you
(into bullhorn covering) and i am gonna have to live with out your respect and awe the only reason i am telling you this is i am going to be leaving you#but do not worry i have just been appointed the new safety inspector at this very plantwith a big fat raise
hey that is my pop up there dad watch out#whoa easy do not drop me be careful
we were fighting over which one of us loves you more#(touched) you were ? (sniffs) aw well go ahead
no i do not#(angry) look you would better get this all out of your system right now i do not want you embarrassing me at my boss's picnic
int kitchen  continuous)#mmmm marshmallow
homer#i am trying to get at least some of the unfortunate noises out of my system while i can marge i do not want to embarrass myself at the company picnic
(murmur of assent)#(indicating gelatin) are you sure that is enough ? you know how the boss loves your delicious gelatin desserts
(flattered) oh homer mr burns just said he liked it once#marge that is the only time he is ever spoken to me without using the word "bonehead"
int car  continuous)#there it is kids stately burns manor heaven on earth
ext another part of the road  a little later)#okay now look my boss is gonna be at this picnic so i want you to show your father some love and/or respect
excellent#afternoon mr burns
ah hello there uh uh#(whispers) simpson homer
bart#do not correct the man brat (to burns) oh boss look what we brought gelatin desserts
hear that dad ? you can lie around in your underwear and scratch yourself#why you listen to me you
trouble simpson ?#no heh heh heh just congratulating the son on a fine joke about his old man
ext burns' back yard  a little later)#(to family) now remember as far as anyone knows we are a nice normal family
hey bart last one in the fountain's a rotten egg#(annoyed grunt) be normal be normal
(pointing os) hey is not that your boy there torturing the swans ?#bart
ext backyard  continuous)#bart lisa maggie
bart lisa maggie#where are you kids ? (annoyed grunt)
ooops#gotcha
whoa careful dad blow a gasket and you lose your job#(teeth clenched) marge knock it off
(teeth clenched) marge knock it off#is it used ?
(thru loudspeaker) now hear this the fatherson sack race will begin in five minutes on the north lawn participation is mandatory repeat mandatory that is all#(grumbles) you remember the rules from last year ?
man this is pathetic i am goin' for it#bart no no no no oh no bart no do not noooo
(singing) hey brother pour the wine#marge i need you
hey homie did you try the punch ?#(urgent) snap out of it marge you have got to come with methe boss is going to make a toast
(sloshed) well i am not much of a drinker#well you picked a perfect time to start (grumbles)
musicians cease that infernal tutlitating (reading) "thank you all" (next card) "for coming"#wahhhhhhhhh
oh i am sorry i am sorry sorry#marge
get that man's name i predict big things for him down at the power plant#(sotto) quick bart give me a kiss
kiss you ? but dad i am your kid#bart please five bucks for a kiss
ext dirt road  a little later)#boy i am glad that is over now we can go home and act normal again
what do you mean ?#oh come on (makes kissing noises) that cornball routine (sarcastic) "i love you daddy" give me a break
i pity you#why ?
hey#look everybody yesterday was a real eyeopener we have got to do better as a family so tonight we are not going to shovel food in our mouths while we stare at the tv we are going to eat at the dining room table like a normal family
happy dad ?#yes
good commence shovelling#no we are going to say grace first
okay rub a dub dub thanks for the grub#no ignore the boy lord now can the chatter and bow your heads (clears throat) dear lord thank you for this microwaved bounty even though we do not deserve it i mean our kids are uncontrollable hellions pardon my french but they act like savages did you see them at the picnic ? oh of course you did you are everywhere you are omnivorous oh lord why did you smite me with this family ?
amen let's eat#no i am not done yet
but homer how long are we supposed to sit here and listen to you badmouth us to the man upstairs ?#i am sorry marge but sometimes i think we are the worst family in town
the sad truth is all families are like us#you think so huh ? well there is only one way to find out follow me
ext neighbor #1's house  night)#(whispers) look at that kids no fighting no yelling
(whispers) look napkins#yahhhhhhhh
yahhhhhhhh#(whispers) oh you think so ? well let's see what is behind door number two
(whispers) they are having a conversation they actually enjoy talking to each other#(whispers) i wish i could hear what they are saying
(whispers) where is he going ?#(whispers) probably to get the old man his pipe and slippers
(out of breath whispers) whoa look at this place what a dump#(out of breath whispers) it is worse than you think (chuckling) i just trampled these poor saps' flower bed
homer this is our house#(grunts in exasperation)
are you coming in homer ?#no no (sighs) i want to be alone with my thought
the fans are getting just a little bit anxious here folks#(sad) another beer moe
hey what is gotten into bobo ?#(nervous) i have got some wieners in my pocket
(low) no#you know moe my mom once said something that really stuck with me she said "homer you are a big disappointment" and god bless her soul she was really onto something
do not blame yourself homer you got dealt a bad hand you got crummy little kids that nobody can control#you can not talk that way about my kids or at least two of them
why ? you got two i have not met ?#why you here's five you have not met
(from tv) allstar boxing is brought to you by "dr marvin monroe's family therapy center"#(coming to) huh what ?
(from tv) dr marvin monroe's family therapy center 1800555hugs why do not you call right now ?#when will i learn ? the answers to life's problems are not at the bottom of a bottle hehheh they are on tv
int simpson living room  the next day)#all right time for a family meeting
why can not we have a meeting when you are watching tv ?#now look you know and i know this family needs help professional help so i made us an appointment with dr marvin monroe
the fat guy on tv ?#boxing lisa boxing there is a world of difference
gee homer are you sure this is the right thing to do ?#honey i have given this matter a lot of study and of all the commercials i saw his was the best (beat) all it costs is two hundred and fifty dollars
but we do not have that kind of money#well then we are just going to have to dig deep marge go get the kids' college fund
oh homer#oh come on marge why scrimp now on the offchance that they will actually get in someplace ?
fortyeight fortynine fifty eightyeight dollars and fifty cents#that is it ? that is the college fund we have been saving for all these years ?
i guess i'd have needed a partial scholarship#well we are not licked yet to save this family we are gonna have to make the supreme sacrifice
homer could not we pawn my engagement ring instead ?#now i appreciate that honey but we need one hundred and fifty dollars here
afternoon simpson so what can i do for you ?#(holding up tv) would you pay one hundred fifty dollars for this lovely motorola ?
is it cableready ?#(covering) ready as she will ever be
all our money the college funds the tv homer you are driving a stake through the hearts of those who love you#hey no pain no gain
(as homer signs in) will you be paying by cash or check ?#(proudly) cash of course i have got two hundred and fifty dollars right here with me i am holding it right now here it is look check it out two hundred and fifty big ones
if you really want to impress her show her the big empty space where our tv used to be#bart
we would if we had one#lisa
no surprises here homer ?#(hums)
homer what have you got for us ? (beat) homer ?#whoops sorry i wasn't paying attention
whoa (chuckle) okay you want to kill each other that is good that is healthy there is nothing necessarily wrong with hostile conflict all i ask is that you use my patented aggression therapy mallets#good idea
okay let's take another deep cleansing breath#wait a minute these mallet things are padded with foam rubber what is the point ?
do not be ridiculous you will be cured but it is going to require somewhat more unorthodox methods#unortho what ?
everyone comfy ? good now do not touch any of those buttons in front of you for a very important reason ie you are wired in to the rest of your family you have the ability to shock them and they have the ability to shock#arrrgh
just testing#why you
no homer not yet#(disappointed noise)
you see this is what is known as aversion therapy when someone hurts you emotionally you will hurt them physically and gradually you will learn not to hurt each other at all and will not that be wonderful homer ?#(seemingly moved) oh yes doctor
arrrgh#arrrgh
int laboratory  continuous)#arrrgh
arrrgh#arrrgh
no i am sorry you are not please you have just got to go#wait a minute doc your tv commercial said family bliss or double our money back
(handing the money to homer) (indecipherable counting) five hundred here just go and never tell anyone you were here#wow five hundred smackers
excuse me dear should not we be heading down to the pawn shop to get our tv back ?#that piece of junk ? forget it we are going to get a new tv twentyoneinch screen realistic flesh tones and a little cart so we can wheel it into the dining room on holidays
int simpson house  inside darkened oven early morning)#(sniffs) do i smell cupcakes ?
(sniffs) do i smell cupcakes ?#oooo do i ever
uhuh homer lisa's making these for her teacher#ah say no more
keep your greasy mitts outta there#no
teacher's pet apple polisher butt kisser#bart you are saying butt kisser like it is a bad thing
huh ?#well you see boy it never hurts to grease the wheels a little
i am not greasing the wheels dad i like my teacher#surely lisa (to bart) you see how it works bart ? (gesturing with cupcake) a cupcake here a good grade there
dad i get good grades 'cause i am smart and i pay attention and i study hard#yeah right lis (to bart) it is the three roads to success bart work brains and (gestures with cupcake)
uh oh school bus gotta go#(chuckles)
(chuckles)#(annoyed grunt)
thanks bart we got the day off from school for this#yeah and i got the day off from work
homer#(maudlin weeping) but what is a day off from work when i am never gonna see my beloved son again oh bart oh bart
(flat tone) hi mom hi dad#tough day at school boy ?
let's just say i paid the inevitable price for helping out my sister#so you had a little scuffle eh ? (chuckles) hope you won
i am gonna miss you big guy#bart your mother has the fool idea that you are upset about something
(whimpering) dad i need help please#come on bart we do not want your mother to see you crying here let me help you dry those tears
come on bart we do not want your mother to see you crying here let me help you dry those tears#so what is the problem son ?
a bully ?#come on marge i do not bug you when you are helping lisa
i guess i could do that#what ? and violate the code of the school yard ? i'd rather bart died
what on earth are you talking about homer ?#(amazed at her ignorance) the code of the school yard marge the rules that teach a boy to be a man let's see do not tattle always make fun of those different from you never say anything unless you are sure everyone feels exactly the same way you do hmmm what else  ?
what do you mean mom ?#(mystified) yeah right this ought to be good for a laugh
that is why he lashes out at the world#aw marge
so tomorrow instead of bickering with this boy talk to him you will be surprised how far a little understanding will go#well thank you very much mrs maharishi gandhi let's go boy
(annoyed murmur)#now here's that bully of yours show me your stuff
now here's that bully of yours show me your stuff#no no not like that like this
no no not like that like this#see that boy ? you did not expect that did you ? and neither will he
(disbelieving) you mean i should fight dirty dad ?#unfortunately son we simpsons sometimes have to bend the rules a little in order to hold our own
amen#so the next time this bully thinks you are gonna throw a punch you throw a glob of mud in his eyes and then you sock him when he is staggering around blinded
(starting to understand) yeah#and there is nothing wrong with hitting someone when his back is turned
gotcha#and if you get the chance get 'em right in the family jewels that little doozy's been a simpson trademark for generations
ext simpson home  same time)#(yelling) awright you kids keep it down am i making myself  ?
(chuckles) i got 'im#you up in the tree the tall gray haired kid get your butt down here right now
wow sounds good to me okay (taking out a pen) i will sign#(to nelson) what about you boy ?
oh boy#cupcakes
what ?#(concentrating) not now marge
int simpson bathroom  morning)#(angrily) lisa lisa are you still in there ? what is the problem ? did you fall in ? (chuckle) lisa
sorry dad women and children first#wha' th
int kitchen  a little later)#where the hell are my keys ? who stole my keys ? come on i am late for work
did you check the den ?#the den great idea
(eating) warm no cold colder ice cold#do you know where my keys are ?
did you try the rumpus room ?#rumpus room great idea
oh dad#(groans)
well mom one of us has scarfed down more than enough cupcakes over the past three decades to keep him#bart
oh yeah#all right hey hey
int simpson living room  afternoon)#come on come on let's go
in the red trunks with a record of fortyeight wins and no losses the undisputed champ of this house battling bart simpson (whistles) whoopee whoo whoo whoo and in the lavender trunks with a record of zero wins and fortyeight defeats  oh correction humiliating defeats  all of them by knockout#(quiet dignity) must you do this every time ?
and homer is down (laugh) three seconds folks  a new record#oh no i am not down i am  get up you get up come on
oh no i am not down i am  get up you get up come on#okay here we go
yo chump you back again ?#(grunts) get out of the way how come he is not ducking ? ugh wait a minute i can not get my get out of the way stupid
homer ?#ohhh get out of the corner
but they sent a note from school#(concentrating) what did you do this time you little hoodlum ? oop get out of the way
hey you are right this note's about lisa#lisa ?
lisa ?#(reading) "lisa refuses to play dodge ball because she is sad" well she does not look sad (peering closely at lisa) i do not see any tears in her eyes
it is not that kind of sad i am sorry dad but you would not understand#oh sure i would princess i have feelings too you know like "my stomach hurts" or "i am going crazy" why do not you climb up on daddy's knee and tell him all about it ?
i am just wondering what is the point ? would it make any difference at all if i never existed ? how can we sleep at night when there is so much suffering in the world ?#well eh ereh
well eh ereh#come on lisa ride the homer horsey giddiyap whee (chuckles)
sorry dad i know you mean well#(to lisa) thanks for knowing i mean well
gee homer looks like you got yourself a real problem on your hands#you are right bart vacuum this floor
hey man i did not do anything wrong#in times of trouble you got to go with what you know now hop to it boy
(sarcastic) oh too bad well i certainly had fun vacuuming maybe now i will get the pleasure of scrubbing your tub#no
exactly come to the one you love#oh no come on do not let that boy  get out of the oh no not again do not do not do not great get over oh geeze
gee dad you are really bad at this#i am not it is just that (lisa's sax is heard) i could not concentrate with that infernal racket (calling) lisa lisa
int lisa's bedroom  night  continuous)#(angry) lisa what did i tell you about playing that saxamathing in the house ?
(sadly) i was just playing the blues (pause) dad#lisa i am sorry i did not mean to yell go ahead  play your blues if it will make you happy
no that is okay dad (sniffs) i will just work on my fingering unless my fingers clacking on the keys is too loud for you#(sincere) let's hear it
(sincere) let's hear it#you just clack as loud as you want lis
wait margie before you go out that door let's put our happy face on because people know how good a mommy you have by the size of your smile#what th
put up your dukes homer#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#bart go easy on me i am your dad
i am going easy on you but you are just so old and slow and weak and pathetic#no bart no
homer wake up wake up oh my here let me wipe off that drool#you know marge getting old is a terrible thing i think the saddest day of my life is when i realized i could beat my dad at most things and bart experienced that at the age of four so why are you still awake ?
well i am still trying to figure out what is bothering lisa i do not know bart's such a handful and maggie needs attention but all the while our little lisa's becoming a young woman#oh so that is it this is some kind of underwear thing
(from tv) fire officials said the twoalarm blaze took them more than an hour to get under control#oh no marge
int kitchen)#marge are you all right ?
no i am very upset#then you have heard oh god what are we doing to do ? the lanes were kinda warped but oh the food
i am upset about lisa#oh me too
me three what are we talking about ?#bart
ext video arcade  day)#gimme some quarters (covering) i am doing my laundry
(over microphone sarcastic) yeah right#(low) where is the video boxing ?
(over microphone) it is over there in the corner but if i were you i really would use those quarters for laundry#(re champ) hey that kid's pretty good
(waving quarters) me me me me me me#(towering over crowd with his bag of quarters) no me no me
(towering over crowd with his bag of quarters) no me no me#listen  can you teach me to fight like you do ?
i do not think so#aw come on
i will tell you what i will do it if you bark like a dog#(annoyed grunt) you little ruff ruff ruff
well looks like you are all out of quarters old man#that is okay with the tips you have given me i am going to pound the tar out of a certain little smarty pants tonight (chuckles)
and you a man of your age you should be ashamed of yourself#excuse me i think i hear my wife calling
(bored) i am going to knock you out one more time and that is it this is getting boring man#(coyly) just try not to kill me too hard son hehhehheh
whoa#kid tonight's not your night
all right man you asked for it no more mr nice guy#oh oh block it
wha' the#(grunt chuckle) uhoh you missed me
(grunt chuckle) uhoh you missed me#ha ha i got you do not try that i got ya i will block you (imitating ring announcer) and the crowd is on its feet as hurricane homer moves in for the kill
boys i'd like your attention please#quiet marge this is my big moment
quiet marge this is my big moment#bartthebloodypulp simpson is on the ropes he is hoping i will put him out of his misery well you are in luck bart here comes my right
bartthebloodypulp simpson is on the ropes he is hoping i will put him out of his misery well you are in luck bart here comes my right#(shrieks) oh noooo
(shrieks) oh noooo#my game my game i coulda beat the boy marge how could you ? i was so close
you are right mom i'd just like to use this occasion to announce my retirement undefeated from the world of video boxing#(exasperated grunt)
(sings) "i got this bratty brother / he bugs me every day / and this mornin' my own mother gave my last cupcake away / my dad acts like he belongs he belongs in the zoo"#what ?
no#just be happy with what you got son do not try to keep up with the flanderses
just be happy with what you got son do not try to keep up with the flanderses#(gasps)
(unreservedly) wow man what an rv#bart (to flanders) i suppose it hasuhvarious features ?
it is got everything microwave dishwasher bigscreen tv deep fryer and see up there on the roof ?#(croaking) a satellite dish
yes indeedillydoodily#but how can you afford something like this ned ? i get your mail once in a while you make only twentyseven dollars a week more than i do
simple simpson credit#oooh credit
(quickly) we are just browsing thank you#i'd like to see your finest rv do you have something that is better than the land behemoth ?
yes i do that would be the ultimate behemoth#(excited) where is it ?
can you believe it ? man built this it is a vehicle#(babbles speechlessly)
i am not sure that we can afford#(eagerly) does it have a deep fryer ?
this is better than our house#wait till flanders gets a load of this
(worried) it all seems so expensive#hey how much is it ?
you are a man of convict you just wanted to ask that and blurted it out did not you ?#yeah how much is it ?
well first of all i want you to know i like your face#you do ?
really i really do i am not just saying that i mean it you have got color in there you are not roman are you ?#no
i am not gonna quote you a price until i check your credit rating lemme i want to make myself clear on this this is a formality if you are saying to me bob is this guy good for it ? i say yes i do not check this machine but i do not own the place even though my name's up there long story but that does not matter i am gonna have to run it through the computer#is that a good siren ? am i approved ?
you ever known a siren to be good ? ha no mr simpson it is not it is a bad siren that is the computer in case i went blind telling me sell a vehicle to this fellow and you are out of business that is what the siren says#oh
it seems the ultimate behemoth is a wee bit out of your price range and wee bit is me being polite you could not afford this thing if you lived to be a million#do not you have something that is not out of my price range ? (sadly) i do not want to go away emptyhanded bob
mr simpson you are never gonna own a better rv and i do not mean that in a good way i mean literally buddy this is it for you you know it is this or a wagon#how much do you want for it ?
this is for you ? this is yours ? the price i am quoting you ? you are not gonna hand it to someone else ? 'cause i am gonna give you a price for you not for someone else someone else i am doubling this#i swear it bob
this is you and me ?#yeah
in other words two months from now i see this vehicle your head's in that window ?#on my honor
threefifty a month#oh well i do not know would it be alright if i conferred with my family ?
mr simpson if you have to go talk it over with those humans out there then there is something wrong with all of us you look like a man who is able to make a decision or i would not be wasting my see that man right over there ?#yeah
he is buying this did you know that ?#no
called me two minutes before you came in said 'save the little one i am coming down' here he is now do you want it or not ?#all right all right i will take it
ext simpson house  on the street)#hey flanders look what i got
(trying to be nice) oooh she is a beaut hey congratulations simpson i am sure you will have loads of fun#(low to marge) jealous (then) everybody ready ?
i hate this i do not want to go#that is the spirit ready or not nature here we come
dad's feet#bart
you win bart#lisa
are we there yet dad ?#i will tell you when we get there go back to your smell game
(showing him map) homer i am telling you this is not the interstate#(scoffing) pfft maps (snorts)
should not we stop somewhere and ask for directions ?#do not worry this is an allterrain vehicle
my feet are getting wet#ah come on we are going back to nature
int van  continuous)#what do you think ? should we stop here ?
(frantic scream) yes#all righty
all righty#well here we are
well here we are#(shrieks)
(horrible scream) aaaaaahhhhhhh#okay nobody move nobody panic when i give the word everyone ever so slowly open your door and slide out on the count of three one
ext near the edge of cliff  continuous)#well heh heh now we get a chance to be real pioneers
well heh heh now we get a chance to be real pioneers#yes sir this is a real adventure why i bet there are people who would trade everything they have in the world for an adventure like this
you mean like we just did ?#(re maggie) will somebody help her ?
oh homer what are we going to do ?#wahhhhhhhhhhhhh
five finger discount man#now do not worry our situation is not as bad as it seems and you are forgetting i am an experienced woodsman now you all stay here for a minute while i go over this way and try to get my bearings
now do not worry our situation is not as bad as it seems and you are forgetting i am an experienced woodsman now you all stay here for a minute while i go over this way and try to get my bearings#(sadly to himself) what am i going to do ? i have murdered us all
(loudly) i have murdered us all us all us all us all#(sharply) shut up
(loudly) shut up shut up shut up#(disgruntled grunt)
ext the girls' shelter  early evening)#(triumphant) there finished
you are ?#well it is a quick job but it is shelter
it is ?#uhhuh okay we will be back with help before you know it you girls just stay here and relax
(calling after them) remember dad the handle of the big dipper points to the north star#(chuckling) that is nice lisa but we are not in astronomy class we are in the woods
(nervous) there are not any dangerous animals in this forest are there dad ?#well might be a few but do not worry about it if you leave them alone they will leave you alone
it is a deal#and remember not to act afraid animals can smell fear and they do not like it besides there is nothing to be afraid of
(worried) right#(panic) a rattler
(petrified) i am not afraid i am not afraid i am not#run you fool
ext deep woods  a little later)#through here boy back to civilization
how do you know ?#when you are an experienced woodsman like me you get a feel for these things it becomes natural like a third sense
ext base of waterfall  continuous)#bart ? where are you bart ?
bart ? where are you bart ?#(horror) his lucky red hat oh dear god no bart
(horror) his lucky red hat oh dear god no bart#(sobbing) bart oh bart bart bart oh bart my beautiful son (to the heavens) why could not you have taken me ? of all the fates of heaven and earth why did this one befall me ? (sobs)
do not have a cow dad#(can not believe his eyes) what the ? (annoyed grunt) you are alive and (chuckling) buck nekkid
i am not the only one homeboy#what ? (he looks down at himself and chuckles) oooh jungle man
ext somewhere in woods  a little later)#the first thing you learn about surviving in the woods boy conceal your nakedness
yeah man#okay slap a fern on there boy now some mud there ooh that requires a little mollusk and mollusk for me all right we are ready to hit the town
but dad i am so hungry can not we eat something first ? i am starving man#ah food good thinking son
ah food good thinking son#this young sapling ought to do the trick
what are we going to do hang ourselves ?#no this is a trap it is going to catch us our dinner come on boy
no this is a trap it is going to catch us our dinner come on boy#shhhh (whisper) just watch
shhhh (whisper) just watch#(triumphant whisper) oooh ahh ha got him
ext forest  long shot)#okay okay this time i will just go into those bushes over there make a lot of noise and flush out a rabbit when he comes out you step on him
right dad#(shrieks) get 'em off me get 'em off aaah
gggood night ddad#gggood night sson ssleep tight
are we there yet ?#(short) no
are we ever going to be there ?#how would i know quit asking pointless bart look
how would i know quit asking pointless bart look#honey honey we are saved
how is it ?#(a few bees flying out of his mouth) tangy
(a few bees flying out of his mouth) tangy#(urgent) wahneh wahneh
what ?#wah neh wah neh
ext creek  continuous)#pleehhh hnnnn plem feh
ahhhhhhh#femmmmm wah gnnn hrmmerhrr
bigfoot the legendary halfman halfape is no longer a legend he is very very real what you are about to see is unedited video footage taken earlier today in the hills three miles southwest of tenderfoot gorge#plemk heh feh
(monotone) arewethereyet arewethereyet arewethereyet ?#(simultaneously/exhausted) just a little farther just a little further just a little further (sniffs) food
int bear cave  continuous)#nice grizzles nice grizzles nice grizzles
what do we do dad ?#praise the grizzles son
(quickly) nice grizzles#maggie oh my little girl
(sucks)#(still scared) nice grizzly nice grizzly
(horrified) dad oh dad#(mumbling sleepily) avenge me son avenge my death
last weeks capture of bigfoot has turned into the scientific poser of the century although the creature was ultimately released the question remains who was this homer ? was it man or was it in fact the legendary missing link known as bigfoot ?#can i have some apple sauce ?
(scoffing) the glimmer of the eyes what about the sloping apelike forehead ?#(groans) oh marge the guys at work are going to have a field day with this
the specimen is either a below average human being or a brilliant beast#ooh those stupid eggheads
ext streets  night)#you know bart when i was your age i pulled a few boners but i think you will find that people are pretty decent if you give them half (gasp) oh oh
ext park  continuous)#they have got us cornered boy we will never get away give me the head
no dad this whole thing was my fault you run along#(anguished grunt) no
(anguished grunt) no#son we are in this mess together no matter how tempting it might be i can not let my only boy get ripped limb from limb by a bloodthirsty mob
aw dad#we will die together like a father and son should
int living room  morning)#get him
phillips has broken free he is at the 45 50 the 40 the 30 the 20 the 10#(beat) oh no
touchdown#no
a 64 yard run we have got an upset in the making#no we do not try being objective for once in your oooh
let's go homer#but you do not understand marge i have fifty bucks riding on this game
oh homer you promised me#this is not gambling marge it is a lead pipe cinch
they are kicking off wolodarsky takes it to the five and  oh my he fumbles#oh no
why should i feel like a traffic cop every sunday morning when i am just trying to get a little goodness into the family#(irritated grunt) where is it the game where is it ?
int car  morning)#ah
all right kogen's got wolodarsky open in the end zone he throws it#catch it catch it
it is complete touchdown#all right
this could be the most remarkable comeback since lazarus rose from the dead#lazar who ?
can you believe this homer ?  homer ?  homer ?#oh no no we stink we stink
homer were you planning on sitting in the car till the game was over ?#maybe
now they are lining up for this crucial kick one final tick of the clock remains if they win it will cap an amazing comeback but it is a 49 yard field goal into the wind#make it make it make it make it
the kick is up it is got the distance holy toledo it is good#oh please please please please please please please please
oh please please please please please please please please#(shrieking exultation) (leaping to his feet and shooting both fists over his head) it is good it is good it is good
(shrieking exultation) (leaping to his feet and shooting both fists over his head) it is good it is good it is good#it is good to see you all in church
i was pleased you enjoyed it (to homer) i seem to have struck a cord with you today homer#what ? oh yeah you were great
homer you embarrassed us in front of the whole congregation and today's sermon was one you should have really listened to#what was it about ?
gambling#oh he did not by any chance say that under certain circumstances it was all right did he ?
yeah among other things apes can not get into heaven#what those cute little monkeys ? that is terrible who told you that ?
our teacher#i can understand how they would not let in those wild jungle apes but what about those really smart ones who live among us  who roller skate and smoke cigars ?
no way jose#marge they are only space mutants
hey dad can i have five bucks ?#(winks) i hope you are not planning to see a certain movie starring certain space mutants that a certain mother did not want you to see ? (chuckles)
(chuckles) perish the thought#here you go son share the wealth that is what i always say
go ahead bart tell them it is the head of jebediah springfield#(to maggie) wow look at these bowling balls maggie can you think of a better way for daddy to spend his hard won fifty bucks ?
(sucks)#now i have seen everything black marbleized with a liquid center the "stealth bowler"  the pins do not know what hit 'em
dad can i talk to you about something ?#sure boy what is on your mind ?
well i was wondering how important is it to be popular ?#i am glad you asked son being popular is the most important thing in the world
so like sometimes you could do stuff that you think is pretty bad so other kids will like you better ?#(kidding) you are not talking about killing anyone are you ?
no#are you ?
no#(tousling bart's hair) then run along you little scamp a boy without mischief is like a bowling ball without a liquid center
int kitchen  morning)#oooh look at this one "the hammer of thor it will send your pins to (with difficulty) valhalla" lisa ?
valhalla is where vikings go when they die#ooooh that is some ball
it is a symbol of what we can all do if we put our minds to it#just a statue ? is the statue of liberty just a statue ? is the leaning tower of piza just a statue ?
mom dad#(mad) i knew it all along
why bart why ?#yeah ? why you little
'cause i wanted some really bad kids to like me somehow i got the idea that being popular was the most important thing in the world#(gulps)
where did you get a ridiculous idea like that ?#lay off the boy marge he is a good kid quit givin' him the third degree
homer did you have something to do with this ?#well maybe i am a little responsible
a little ?#c'mon son let's take the head thing back to the authorities
ext streets  night)#you know bart when i was your age i pulled a few boners but i think you will find that people are pretty decent if you give them half (gasp) oh oh
the feeling is more than mutual sir#good going son but remember most lynch mobs are not this nice
(top of their lungs) happy birthday#(shrieks) huh ? whuh ?
(touched) well is not this nice ?#my birthday ?
no#it is my birthday ? what did i get ? i love birthdays
you do not even know your own wife's birthday ?#(panic rapidly setting in) of course i know sure (to marge) you really thought i forgot did not you ?
yeah what'd you get ?#(stalling) huh a very thoughtful gift but it is a surprise (stretching) you know it is such a beautiful morning i think i will take a little stroll around the block
ext springfield mall  a few minutes later)#(irritably) oh no come on come on open up
int mall  continuous)#(shaking his head) ah no
(shaking his head) ah no#too salty
too salty#ummm nah
ummm nah#hmmm nah too corny
hmmm nah too corny#(to himself) too exciting
int the jock shoppe)#(appreciative) hmmmm
homer ?#be right there
homer we are having dinner tonight at the singing sirloin#ah sounds delightful just you and me and the balladeers
and the kids#fair enough
and my sisters#(annoyed grunt)
(low to marge) someone who eats with his mouth shut#what is that patty ?
what the hell are you talking about ? there is gallons of it#bart
oh brother#(amiably) hold on hold on now your mother has not opened my present yet
(singing) happy birthday to you / happy birthday to you / happy thirtyfourth birthday mrs homer simpson / happy birthday to yooooo#(shrieks) whoop do not worry this frosting'll come right off beauty is not she ?
well it is hard for me to judge (angrily) since i have never bowled in my life#(playful) well if you do not want it i know someone who does
int marge & homer's bedroom  that night)#you always say we should talk i am talking right now as a matter of fact but i am going to stop in a second so please say something back marge please i am gonna stop talking now
you bought that bowling ball for you not for me#what ? no
the holes were drilled for your fingers#(defensive) i wanted to surprise you i could not very well chop your hand off and bring it to the store could i ?
you never intended for me to use that ball#well if that is how you feel i will take it back
you can not take it back you had your name engraved on it#so you would know it is from me
hmmm i will just use my ball#(taken aback) what ? but you do not know how to bowl whoops
(grim) i am keeping it and i am going to use it thank you for the present homer#(pause) well you are welcome
int simpson kitchen  continuous)#(nervous) now this is living eh kids ? hot pizza the food of kings
do not be scared dad it is not so hard taking care of us#(laughs) lisa i am not scared i think it is a great chance to spend some time with you kids your mother always gets to be alone with you and now it is my turn (long beat as they eat) does the time always drag like this ?
(licking his fingers) my compliments to the delivery boy#okay we have eaten and eaten well now what else do we have to do ? well let's check the list your mom left us
okay we have eaten and eaten well now what else do we have to do ? well let's check the list your mom left us#eat mmhm
eat mmhm#ooh clean up now do not worry everybody this'll be a breeze if we all pitch in
ooh clean up now do not worry everybody this'll be a breeze if we all pitch in#all right we are clean now we will (checks list) put maggie to bed
(sing sweetly) "lullaby and good night / go to bed and sleep tight / close your eyes start to yawn / pleasant dreams until the dawn"#(yawns)
homer homer#(half asleep) ahhh ahhh oh how was bowling ?
it is a very challenging hobby#(chuckles sleepily) sport dear it is a sport you silly thing
ummhmm but i think i will do much better tomorrow night#oh ? you are going back ?
well sure if you do not mind taking care of the kids again ?#(confused) uh no i do not mind
good night homer#'night
(aflutter) oh oh (quickly) well all right#marge ?
what homer ?#(defeated) nothing
int simpson house  master bedroom  early evening)#for marge ?
(cheery) hey dad what do you say we toss the ol' apple around huh ? sound like fun ?#(exhausted) son i do not know if i can lift my head let alone a ball
dad you did not even say ouch#oh sorry ouch
look dad i do not know what is going on but once you gave me some advice that might help#i gave you advice ? get outta here
yeah you did you told me when something's bothering you and you are too damn stupid to know what to do just keep your fool mouth shut at least that way you will not make things worse#hmm good advice
int simpson kitchen  thursday morning)#(struggling for the right words) marge may i speak to you ?
sure#you know i have been thinking everyone makes peanut butter and jelly sandwiches but usually the jelly drips out over the sides and a guy's hands get all sticky but your jelly stays right in the middle where it is supposed to i do not know how you do it you have just got a gift i guess i have always thought so i just never mentioned it but it is time you knew how i feel i do not believe in keeping feelings bottled up (broken) goodbye my wife
ain't you hungry homer ?#starving
then why are not you eating your sandwich ?#how can i eat it ? she made it it is all i have left
int power plant  ten minutes later  various angles)#marge
marge#what a lovely surprise you are here to see me right ?
(to homer) hey what'll i tell the boss ?#tell him i am going to the back seat of my car with the woman i love and i will not be back for ten minutes
so how was the office birthday party ?#oh it was delightful the frosting on the cake was (indicating with fingers) this thick (chuckles) and eugene fisk my poor sucker of an assistant did not know the fruit punch was spiked and he really made an ass of himself putting the moves on the new girl in valve maintenance
does this girl like him ?#pffft i have to warn you marge  i think the poor young thing has the hots for yours truly
homer#(chuckles) just keepin' you on your toes babe
(chuckles) just keepin' you on your toes babe#(gasps) twohundred and thirtynine pounds ? (moan) i am a blimp why are all the good things so tasty ? from now on exercise every morning
ext master bathroom)#oh no twohundred and thirtynine pounds i am a whale why was i was cursed with this weakness for snack treats ? well from now on exercise every morning homer
do not strain yourself dear#good idea marge by the way this friday night i am gonna be attending a little gettogether with the boys at work eugene fisk is marrying some girl in valve maintenance
homer is this some kind of stag party ?#no no marge it is gonna be very classy a teaandcrumpets kind of thing
eugene fisk ? is not he your assistant ?#(quietly) no my supervisor
ext school playground  day)#hey what is this ? the spanish exposition ?
int simpson bathroom  continuous)#bart what are you doing ?
ext springfield  park)#(aside to carl) where am i the planet cornball ?
hey do not worry things are gonna pick up once the entertainment gets here#oooh entertainment
hey try and keep it down guys okay ?#hey shut up
(to eugene) how do i tell you this my boy ? we are in hell#(re eugene) ooh look at him squirm
care to dance ?#(gulps)
go for it homer#i am sorry i do not usually laugh like this (laughs)
(awestruck) wow man#oh this is the most fun i have had in my whole life
int quickemart  evening)#one glazed and one scratchandwin please
you look familiar sir are you on the television or something ?#sorry buddy you got me confused with fred flintstone (chuckles)
sorry buddy you got me confused with fred flintstone (chuckles)#oooh liberty bell (gasps) another liberty bell one more and i am a millionaire come on liberty bell please please please please please please (annoyed grunt) that purple fruit thing where were you yesterday ?
hey hey lookin' good#what are you on pal ?
hey mister (hums belly dancing music) doo doo doo doo doo doo dee doo dee doo dee doo#well a doo dee doo doo to you too pint size
well a doo dee doo doo to you too pint size#man you get a lot of nutcases in here
hey hey hey#i hear ya buddy (to himself) whew full moon
ext intersection)#hmmm still got it
what is the meaning of this ?#(nervously) iit is meaningless marge do not even attempt to find meaning in it there is nothing between me and princess kashmir
hey my photo#(angrily) your photo ?
uh oh#why you little 
why you big#(gags)
i am outta here#look marge honey baby doll i
(cool anger) homer i do not even want to look at you right now#what are you saying honey ?
what are you saying honey ?#but where will i sleep ?
my suggestion is for you to sleep in the filth you created#would a motel be okay ?
ext simpson front lawn  continuous)#aw i knew you would come to your
what is the matter homer ? hottest ladies night in months and you are not even checking out the action#oh moe my wife gave me the old heaveho because of some lousy picture
this one ?#(exasperated moan)
so where you staying tonight homer ?#motel i guess
if you get hungry in the middle of the night there is an open beer in the fridge#look barney see the row of tiny lights up there ? the middle one is my house someone must have left the porch light on
(into phone) hello marge you left your damn porch light on#barney
who is this ?#do not listen to him marge he is
homer yoyou are overwrought why do not you unwind a little bit ? party down the hall you know this apartment complex caters to upscale young singles like me (burp)#no barn i just want to crawl into bed
(over pa) homer simpson homer simpson report at once to mr burns' office#(gulps) oh no
what in blue blazes do you think you are doing simpson ?#what do you mean sir ?
a plant employee carrying on like an oversexed orangutan in heat this is a family nuclearpower plant simpson our research indicates that over 50 percent of our power is used by women i will not have you offending my customers with your bawdy shenanigans#it will not happen again sir i promise may i get out of your sight now ?
simpson i am by most measures a successful man i have wealth and power beyond the dreams of you and your clockpunching ilk and yet i have led a solitary life the fair sex remains a mystery to me you seem to have a way with women a certain how shall i put it ? animal magnetisme help me simpson tell me your secret#uh mr burns in spite of what everybody thinks i am no loverboy
simpson i am asking you nicely#i do not really know sir
(angrily) simpson#well uh wine 'em dine 'em bring 'em flowers write 'em love poetry sir
int simpson house  living room  afternoon)#(low) anybody home ?
(low) welcome back dad#(low) how is your mom ?
(low) yeah good luck man#(low) oh thanks boy
(low) oh thanks boy#hello marge it is me homer
hello marge it is me homer#are you still mad ? you are still mad no need to say it i am your loving husband i can read you like a book i will just have some milk
are you still mad ? you are still mad no need to say it i am your loving husband i can read you like a book i will just have some milk#look i am not drinking out of the carton (breaking down) come on marge please forgive me ? i am sorry i am so sorry
homer you do not even know why you are apologizing#yes i do because i am (pitifully) hungry my clothes are smelly and i am tired
i have been thinking homer and you know what bothers me the most about this whole thing ? you taught bart a very bad lesson your boy idolizes you#oh he does not
yes he does homer and when he sees you treating women as objects he is going to think that it is okay you owe your son better than that homer#so what should i do marge ?
well i think you should take bart to meet this exotic bellyperson i want him to see that she is a real human being with real thoughts and real feelings i want bart to see you apologize for the way you treated her#okay your wish is my command my little
ext girlesque  establishing shot)#you see i am trying to teach my son here about treating woman as objects
just let me say that it is an honor to have springfield's numberone swinger with us to#forget that i am teaching my boy a lesson is she here or not ?
int club mud  a little later)#(over phone) marge (more loudly) marge we are gonna try one more place the sapphire lounge (covers phone  to bart) bart i said look at the floor
int sapphire lounge  a little later)#there she is hey princess it is me the guy from the snap shot
(not remembering) oh oh hi#oooo
places ladies take your places can i get just a little cooperation it is showtime#look i am here because i want to apologize for treating you like an object
uhhuh#i also want my boy to find out that you are more than just a belly i want him to meet the woman behind all the spangles and glitter and find out that she has thoughts and feelings too
nice to meet you ma'am#could you tell him a little about yourself ?
well um my real name's shawna tifton my pet peeve is rude people and my turn ons include silk sheets and a warm fire place#thank you very much ma'am we will be out of your (realizing) (screams)
get out of my cage my boss will freak out#(looking down) oh no
(singing) oh i could love a million girls/ every girl in between/ yeah i could love a chinese girl an eskimo or fin#(shrieks) ahhhhhh
mister mistro(singing) oh i could love a million girls/ every girl in between/ yeah i could love a chinese girl an eskimo or fin/ i could dig a deuchland chick a girl with golden curl/ in fact i think that we could love#(singing) about a million girls
(singing) about a million girls#hep heyyy whoooo look out yeah (laughs) da da da da da (laughs)
way to go dad#uhoh wait a minute wait a minute stop the music quiet please i have something to say quiet
oh he is sunk even lower#quiet i have something to say to all the sons out there to all the boys to all the men to all of us it is about women and how they are not mere objects with curves that make us crazy no they are our wives they are our daughters our sisters our grandmas our aunts our nieces and nephews  well not our nephews  they are our mothers and you know something folks ? as ridiculous as it sounds i would rather feel the sweet breath of my beautiful wife on the back of my neck as i sleep than stuff dollar bills into some stranger's gstring am i wrong or am i right ?
(calling out) homer#marge
int upstairs hallway)#jeez louise look at this mess
jeez louise look at this mess#i told that boy a billion times to pick up his jun
i told that boy a billion times to pick up his jun#(shrieks)
(from doll) i like to play with you i like to play with you i like to play with you (repeats)#(gasps) my back there goes my back again
(gasps) my back there goes my back again#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#go get help boy
int downstairs hallway  a little later)#(weakly) oh maggie my poor back
homer what happened ?#the boy bring me the boy
int simpson house  living room)#oh marge i still hurt marge (loud) marge
oh homer how many times do i have to fluff your pillow ?#actually i was wondering if you could make me a grilled cheese sandwich ?
well okay#make sure it is squished flat and crunchy on the outside
i know how you like 'em homer#and maybe some of those little wieners that come in a can oh and some fruit cocktail in heavy syrup
int foyer)#(ringing his bell) marge marge marge get the door
homer principal skinner's here#oh hello principal skinner i'd get up but the boy crippled me
mmmhmm i understand completely the disturbing incident i was referring to happened this morning when your son flushed an explosive device down the boys' lavatory#(chuckling) that old gag
(aghast) deportation you mean kick bart out of the country ?#hear him out marge
well perhaps i was being a tad glib let me explain our elementary school participates in a foreign exchange program now normally a student is selected on the basis of academic excellence or intelligence but in bart's case i am prepared to make a big exception and if you are willing to play along he can spend the next three months studying far far away#sounds great although a kid can not learn much in just three months
oh when he is totally immersed in a foreign language the average child can become fluent in weeks#yeah but what about bart ?
i am sure he will pick up enough to get by and the whole thing will not cost you a dime as long you are willing to take in a student of your own#wait a minute skinner how do we know some principal over in france is not pulling the same scam you are ?
well for one thing you would not be getting a french boy you would be getting an albanian#you mean all white with pink eyes ?
int living room)#he makes me crazy twelve months a year at least you get the summer off
way to go#bon voyage boy
i know i am going and you are not#i am gonna miss you son and listen while you are seeing all those great sights always remember that you are representing your country i guess what i am saying is do not mess up france the way you messed up your room
mmmhmm (grabs bart's collar) well come along#goodbye bart
'bye we miss you#be good
you know in albania the unit of currency is called the lek#(laughs) you gotta be kiddin' the lek ?
and the national flag is a twoheaded eagle on a red field#give me the old stars and stripes
and the main export is furious political thought#political what ?
and this must be lisa and maggie and you must be my new father homer#affectionate little albanian is not he ?
can too#please please kids stop fighting maybe lisa's right about america being a land of opportunity and maybe adil has a point about the machinery of capitalism being oiled with the blood of the workers
oh okay#did you see that ? you know marge this is the way i have always wanted it to be we have become a fully functioning family unit we have always blamed ourselves but i guess it is pretty clear which cylinder wasn't firing
lisa#oh she is just jealous she will get over it and if she does not we can always exchange her (laughs)
homer#(off marge's look) just kidding
int simpson house  bart's bedroom  night)#nice and cozy adil ?
yes thank you father#look adil you can call me dad
all right dad#(touched) aww you called me dad
dad do you think i could come visit you at the nuclear power plant ?#you want to see where i work ?
oh yes very much#(sniffles) none of my biological kids ever wanted to see me at work
then i can go ?#well i will have to pull a few strings with the boys in security but sure you bet
ext springfield power plant  establishing  day)#see these ? american donuts glazed powdered and raspberry filled now how is that for freedom of choice ? (chuckles)
dad do you think i might see your plutonium isolation module ?#uh maybe hold on a second
uh maybe hold on a second#hey lenny does this place have one of those plutonium isolation deals ?
yeah over in sector twelve#sector twelve ?
third floor by the candy machines#oh that sector twelve
oh that sector twelve#come along adil
ungrateful swine we give you food we give you shelter and this is how you repay us#(chuckles) you little shutterbug
int plutonium isolation module)#cheese
(slight disapproval) you sure have taken a shine to little adil#well he sure makes life a lot easier around here you have to admit that
well okay i will if you admit you love bart#okay okay i love bart well
what ?#well ?
oh adil's a very sweet boy#darn tootin'
int simpson house  foyer  day)#honey i am home
hello homer what is that ?#oh just some blueprints adil wanted i am telling you he is such a curious little dickens i bet he could build a nuclear power plant if he wanted to (chuckles)
oh my#ooh trouble in the neighborhood let's check it out
ext flanders house)#i am his neighbor what'd he do ?
(into bullhorn) well sir (puts bullhorn down) well sir we have been on the trail of a spy transmitting highly confidential information to an unfriendly nation#oooo
mmmhmm through the use of radio triangulation we tracked him to exactly this point#wow
that is all i can tell you#aw
all right well the name of his country starts with the letter "a"#hmmm
(into bullhorn) time's up sparrow we are coming in after you#gee whiz adil would get a kick out of seeing this
(to agent #1) the sparrow#(calls out) adil oh there you are
(pointing) get him#ouch watch it hey ow ouch
ext springfield airport  tarmac  day)#(to agent #1) so he is going to prison ?
goodbye adil have a nice trip#(calling tearfully) goodbye adil i will send you those civil defense plans you wanted
hey where is the big guy ?#he needs me hey boy
homer i'd love a glass of that wine bart brought us#sorry marge some wiseguy stuck a cork in the bottle
(in french) my father what a buffoon#did you hear that marge ? my boy speaks french
ext nuclear power plant  establishing  day)#(very casual) y'ello
hello homie i was hoping you could pick up a half gallon of premium ice cream on your way home from work#oooh premium  wait a minute why ?
patty and selma are coming over to show us slides from their trip to the yucatan#(annoyed grunt)
(to homer) hello steady customer how are you this evening sir ?#how you doin' apu ?
how you doin' apu ?#(to himself) mmm chocolate oooh double chocolate (gasps) new flavor triple chocolate
(to himself) mmm chocolate oooh double chocolate (gasps) new flavor triple chocolate#(to himself) perhaps a little something for the trip back to the cash register
what is the matter sir ? never have i seen you look so unhappy while purchasing such a large quantity of ice cream#the reason i look unhappy is that tonight i have to see a slide show starring my wife's sisters  or as i call them "the gruesome twosome" (chuckles)
ow my foot you lousy stupid clumsy#(turning around) sorry pal
(turning around) sorry pal#(gasps)
ext kwikemart  night)#and he had a big nose
and he had a big nose#no bigger and big red hair that came out to yeah yeah like that
well it is a simple charcoal rendering but is this the man ?#yeah wait a minute (gasp) it is the guy from tv my kid's hero cruddy crummy krusty the clown
hey hey what is going on here ?#well uh mmaybe you better run off to bed
ready mr simpson ?#yes sir
so simpson which one is it ?#(laughing) well if the crime is making me laugh they are all guilty
no no which one is the robber ?#oh definitely number (starts laughing again) heh heh
(stern) simpson#(intimidated) four
hmmm very thorough#i am home everybody
you missed the whole slide show homer#oh fantastic (then) marge you are never gonna believe what happened i was down at the kwikemart minding my own business when (he looks at his watch) oooh oooh ooh the news
the news story behind that enigmatic halfjoke right after this commercial message#wait a minute bart  you know that guy on your lunch box ?
oh you mean krusty the clown ?#he is sort of a hero of yours is not he ?
oh no#(moans)
and just in actual footage of the crime taken with the kwikemart security camera#the reason i look unhappy is that tonight i have to see a slide show starring my wife's sisters  or as i call them "the gruesome twosome" (chuckles)
i know it looks very bad honey  but who knows ? maybe it will turn out he was innocent all along#earth to marge earth to marge i was there the clown's (spelling) gill ty
 with dozens of endorsements including his own line of pork products this may have led to one of television's bestloved bloopers  krusty's near fatal ontheair heart attack in 1986#sorry son you will understand one day
he is innocent i tell you krusty would never do something like that ah come on dad you gotta listen to me#(annoyed grunt)
mr simpson was that you taking that cowardly dive into that display of heavilysalted snack treats ?#yes sir
hmmm hmmm do you recognize the gunman in this courtroom today ?#yes i do
fine would you point him out to us ?#okay
but dad you are giving in to mob mentality#no i am not i am hopping on the bandwagon now come on son get with the winning team
it better not you dimwit#krusty i am man enough to admit i was wrong and i am sorry i fingered you in court i sincerely hope that the horrible stories i heard about what goes on in prison are exaggerated
(sucks nervously)#oooh
now just a darn (disappointed sigh)#(checks his watch then looks down) ahhhh
int nuclear power plant)#hey turn it up i love hearing those whackos
hey is not that your wife homer ?#do not be ridiculous my wife worships the ground i walk on
int moe's tavern)#i hope you do find that punk someday moe fill 'er up
is everything okay homer ? usually you have a quick one some peanuts a hunka beef jerky a couple pickled eggs and you are outta here#let's just say i do not feel like goin' home tonight jar please
hey you can level with me you got a domestic situation ?#(contemplates his egg then jams it in mouth) you might say that my wife's gonna leave me 'cause she thinks i am a pig
homer ?#(mouth full) what ?
marge is right you are a pig you can ask anyone in this bar#what ? (yells) hey barney am i a pig ?
(drunkenly) you are no more of a pig than i am (burp)#(disappointed) oh no
see ? you are a pig barney's a pig larry's a pig we are all pigs except for one difference once in a while we can crawl out of the slop hose ourselves off and act like human beings homer buy your wife some flowers and take her out for a night on the town candles tablecloth the whole nine yards#gee a romantic evening nah she is too smart to fall for that
i am not done (leans in) after dinner the two of you are going to check into the fanciest motel in town and not check out until the next morning if you get my drift#i read you loud and clear
int howard's flowers  night)#(muttering) uh i'd like some flowers
what kind of flowers ?#uh you know pretty ones like that
well we have some beautiful long stemmed roses they are fiftyfive dollars a dozen#(embarrassed) one please
(from spectral radio #4 with echo) if he does not start loving you are leaving leaving leaving#(gulps to himself) marge i uh (clears his throat) love you marge (nondescript muttering) honey i love you ohhh marge i love you baby hmm marge sweetie hooney honey (defeated) aah this'll never work
int foyer  over marge's shoulder)#(a little frightened mumbles with feeling) i love you marjorie
(over phone distant) oliver klozoff call for oliver klozoff#and i have made reservations at the chez paree
(gasps) but homer it is so expensive#it matters not mon frere and after desserts we will adjourn to our secondfloor room at the off ramp inn
oh oh homer i feel giddy wait what about a babysitter ?#oops
(into phone) rubber baby buggy bumper babysitting service#(over phone) hello this is mr sampson
(into phone) did your wife just call a second ago ?#(over phone) no i said sampson not simpson
(over phone) thank god those simpsons what a bunch of savages especially that big ape father#(into phone teeth clenched) actually the simpsons are neighbors of ours and we have found them to be a quite misunderstood and underrated family
like an angel#(sings) ba ba / ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba / ba ba ba
(sings) ba ba / ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba / ba ba ba#(sings) ba ba / ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba
work that body homer#you know one day you will learn to move like your old man
not if i can help it#(chuckles) son there is not a woman alive who can resist a man who knows how to mambo
you do not have a clue do you dad ?#out boy out
what a grump#(rubbing his face pleased) smooth as a baby's behind
(sweetly) precious ? i think i hear the doorbell#i think you are right dumplin'
i think you are right dumplin'#(sharply) bart get the door
yes i am ms botz#(to bart) well do not just stand there boy help miss botz with her suitcases
oh the elves the elves#bye kids (aside to ms botz) watch out for the boy
int chez pierre restaurant)#they all look so tasty but i think i will eat this one right there
why do not you pick one that is a little more frisky sir ?#why ?
well when you choose one that is floating upside down it somewhat defeats the purpose of selecting a live lobster#oh okay then i will take that one there with the beady eyes
excellent choice sir may i lead you to your table ?#oui oui (to marge) after you (to lobster) and i will be seeing you later
homer you look just like a little boy#because i am so carefree ?
no because you are wearing a bib#more champagne ?
more champagne ?#ooops time for a fillup (calls) garon another bottle of your secondleastexpensive champagne
int restaurant  chez pierre)#(lovingly) you know marge this is just like when we were dating
except for one thing no chaperone#(appreciative noise)
(dialing) one eight hundred you snitch no you squeal#do not forget to tell me when you see the offramp
oh there it went#no problemo we will just get off at the next exit
int ye olde off ramp inn  hallway)#come on marge let me carry you over the threshold
(worried) okay but watch out do not slam my head like last time#(slightly annoyed) sheesh eleven years ago and you have never forgotten it
do not muss my hair#(grunts in surprised pain)
int motel room  continuous)#(pained grunt)
(coquettish) maybe i will go slip into something a little more comfortable#ooh your blue thing with the things ?
(delighted) you will see#well shake a leg mama
(calling seductively) oh homer#(surprised and pleased) whoa
int ye olde off ramp inn motel room)#mmmm
homer wake up there is no answer at home#(sleepily) so ?
so i am worried i think we should go home#(yawn) all right i suppose my work here is done (chuckles)
how come all the lights are on ?#i do not like the looks of this
i do not like the looks of this#ms botz ? ms botz ?
(gasp)#(shocked) good lord what have those little hellions done now ?
(shocked) good lord what have those little hellions done now ?#we are so sorry we are so sorry
i can not tell you how chagrinned we are about all of this#oh these things are heavy
oh these things are heavy#just so there is no hard feelings here's double your pay no no triple
mr sampson can i give you a bit of advice ?#sure
do not turn your back on that boy for a second#ain't that the truth you know one time he 
this way to the scene of the crime men i have got her tied up in the den#just a minute young man i do not know what kind of shenanigans you have been pulling this time but i just had to untie your babysitter and pay her off so that 
excuse me sir are you saying to the world that you just aided and abetted the escape of the notorious babysitter bandit ?#the what ?
the babysitter bandit#(pause) uh uh no are you sure this microphone works ? (taps the mike) uh well i would not say i aided her (taps again) this is on right ? because actually it was quite a struggle
awww homer#(on tv) have you ever seen a kung fu movie ? (gestures) it was just like that but now i know her moves (to camera) so if you are listening to me lady you better think long and hard before trying something like this on homer simpson again
(on tv) have you ever seen a kung fu movie ? (gestures) it was just like that but now i know her moves (to camera) so if you are listening to me lady you better think long and hard before trying something like this on homer simpson again#(defeated) lord help me i am just not that bright
oh homer do not say that the way i see it if you raise three children who can knock out and hogtie a perfect stranger you must be doing something right#(sadly) yeah (with more enthusiasm) yeah
(sadly) yeah (with more enthusiasm) yeah#honey can we make up again ?
soup's on hurry up or it will get that icky skin on the top#eww i hate that icky soup skin
int kitchen)#(chewing) mmmm marge could you get me another beer please ?
he does not care mom#sure i do i just want to have a beer while i am caring marge
well okay i got an a on my vocabulary test#(over enthusiastically) what you did well that is just oh what a glorious day lisa hand me your paper
(over enthusiastically) what you did well that is just oh what a glorious day lisa hand me your paper#i am just gonna take this over to the refrigerator and hmmm well as long as i am here i might as well kill two birds with one stone
(outraged) what is the big idea ? you covered up my paper#(chortling) look at those funny little whiskers (snapping fingers) oooo that reminds me it is big gorilla week on million dollar movie c'mon boy
int living room)#(gasps) oooh "gorilla the conqueror" the granddaddy of them all
(uneasily) ah well maybe just one more hour#(sniffling teary) it is so unfair just because he is different
well time to hit the books#(chuckling) burning the candle at both ends eh boy ? go get 'em
a dream of freedom (trying to stay awake but fading) on september fifteenth sixteentwenty puritan separatists from the church of england some living in holland left plymouth england (yawn) their destination was #psst marge come take a look at this
oh the little tiger tries so hard why does he keep failing ?#(picking bart up) just a little dim i guess
int living room)#what ?
bring the television up bart's got his vision back#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#(muttering) i wish i had amoria phlebitis
(on phone) hey milhouse what did i miss in school today ?#(whispers) i have hair (loud) i have hair
(coyly) here you go mrs krabappel i think you will be pleasantly surprised#hey dr j
i think what we have on our hands here is a classic case of what laymen refer to as fear of failure as a result bart is an underachiever and yet he seems to be how should i put this ? proud of it ?#(nodding) hmmm
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah (pause)#hmmm huh
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah  (pause)#hmmmm
no i mean it you can not hold me back i swear i am gonna do better look at my eyes see the sincerity see the conviction see the fear as god is my witness i can pass the fourth grade#and if you do not at least you will be bigger than the other kids
hm hey martin#i have hair look look
(on radio) oh now do not forget the nuclear power plant bill that is closed too#whoo hoo all right
please please please please please please please all right#yeah
(chuckles good naturedly)#(chuckles) got ya burnsie
so#(praying) dear god give a bald guy a break amen
int simpson kitchen  night)#we are proud of you boy
okay the capital of north dakota is named after what german ruler ?#hitler
hitler ?#hey i am still beating you boy
hey i am still beating you boy#okay the colors of the italian flag are red white and what ?
green#i was right
i used to think that losing my hair was as inevitable as the tides then i found out about dimoxinil the new miracle breakthrough in hair regrowth#(gasps) miracle breakthrough there is been a miracle breakthrough ?
dimoxinil 485 hair plaza hair city utah#(wistfully) hair hair just like everybody else
you know some women find bald men quite virile#marge weren't you listening ? this is a miracle breakthrough not one of these cheapo sucker deals
allow me to present the dimoxinil action set in its entirety (continuing to take out paraphernalia) a six month supply of the drug the gravity boots scalp massager and your tee shirt#great great great how much ? how much ? how much ?
one thousand dollars#a thousand bucks i can not afford that
hmmm well we do have a product which is more in your price range however i must assure you that any hair growth you experience while using it will be purely coincidental#a thousand bucks of all the ripoff  screw job  gyp joint (crying) forget you pal thanks for nothing (crying)
int nuclear power plant  cafeteria  day)#so i say (tough voice) "forget you pal thanks for nothing" and i storm right outta there
ah ha that is telling him homer#(annoyed grunt) out of tartar sauce
(annoyed grunt) out of tartar sauce#they call this a portion ? hey lenny are you gonna use all your tartar sauce ? dry fish sticks this sucks
quit complaining chromedome#(annoyed grunt) if i had hair you would not be calling me that
homer do not be a sap all of your life just fill out a few medical insurance forms creatively charge that dimoxinil stuff to the company#but it is a thousand bucks burns would can my butt in no time flat
yeah besides you pay money into the insurance fund every week what do you ever get out of it ?#nothing well that newsletter
exactly why should you get nothing while some guy who loses a finger hits the jackpot ?#you got me
int springfield mall  day)#uh i'd like to charge that dimoxinil stuff to my health insurance ?
int somewhere)#(shouts) good morning springfield good morning mr and mrs winfield
ext moe's tavern  continuous)#good morning moe's tavern
ext first church of springfield  continuous)#good morning everybody
(surprised noise) homer simpson why why why you have not been here iin twenty years hey you got rid of the sideburns#gimme the usual
i do not want to think about it#daddy's home sugar
homie my sisters are here#ah dinner with three beautiful women i must be in heaven
attention homer simpson you have been promoted you are now an executive take three minutes to say goodbye to your former friends and report to room 503 for reassignment to a better life#well your (mispronouncing) resume seems in order besides typing and stuff do you have any other qualifications i should know about ?
i give great back rubs to harried executives here let me show you#(nervously) no no that'll be fine thank you goodbye
(nervously) no no that'll be fine thank you goodbye#(into phone) hello ?
(into phone) hello homie how is my big important executive ?#(into phone) oh marge every woman i interview for the secretary job makes kissy faces at me
(into phone) he sounds good hire him#i will call you back marge
simpson meeting in the board room tomorrow at two just sit there and keep your mouth shut got it ?#yes mr smithers
yes mr smithers#(mumbling to himself) he thinks he is so big
you do not belong here#huh ?
you do not belong here you are a fraud and a phony and it is only a matter of time until they find you out#(gasps) who told you ?
i deserve this i love it i am nature's greatest miracle go ahead say it#i i de
trust me homer#i de
take a step and say it#i deserve this
i deserve this#(loudly) i deserve this
shout it#(shouting) i am nature's greatest miracle
i will need three weeks vacation and moving expenses#you got it buddy
int springfield mall  day)#ooh beauty
a man's suit should make him feel like a prince it should cry out to the world "here i am do not judge me love me"#(sheepishly) do any of these suits do that ?
no#ooh i like this
(to lisa) mom and dad have been smooching again#gotta run marge can not be late
happy anniversary homer#(gasps) what ? our anniversary ? are you sure ?
can not you see#hello ?
i love you homer#i love you karl  marge
you then how would you improve the worker situation ?#well sir for one thing we had a problem every tuesday when the cafeteria would serve fish sticks
fish sticks ? what in blazes are you talking about ?#well sir they cut the head off a fish and chop up the rest into sticks and then put seasoned bread crumbs on them
i know what fish sticks are get to the point#well you only get this tiny little cup of tartar sauce to dip it in and i always run out
shut up smithers can not you see what he is saying ? a happy worker is a busy worker three cents worth of tartar sauce could save us thousands of manhours in labor i like the cut of your jib simpson (pauses tenting his fingers) let the fools have their tartar sauce#enjoy your tartar sauce boys enjoy give me your plates do not crowd plenty for everybody
mr simpson do not sit on that filthy thing one second longer they have given you the key#(gasp) the key
but#sure thing mr burns
well done simpson now walk behind me down the hallway#can do sir
homer between your hair care products and new wardrobe we are not saving anything for a rainy day ?#rainy day there is never gonna be a be a rainy day marge there is not a cloud in the simpson sky and what does my little girl want ?
an absence of mood swings and some stability in my life#yea eh how about a pony ?
i want you to weave that patented simpson magic with my executives a short speech work work work you know#uh well okay what the hey ?
with pleasure sir#karl you gotta help me mr burns wants me to make some speech to his executives and  what do you want ?
oh just thought i'd drop by to tell you that you are fired#what ?
wait (pause) mr smithers homer simpson is innocent i did this#you did ?
my reasons (pause) are my own#karl you saved me why ?
have i done something extraordinary here today ? no i did what i was born to do what any good soldier would have done when a live grenade threatened his commander i threw myself upon it and bore its terrible brunt#well thanks karl i do not know what to say
just walk me to my car#bye karl i am gonna miss you
oh mr simpson did you bring an umbrella today ?#(annoyed grunt) no
int simpson house  master bedroom  continuous)#bart what are you doing ?
uhoh#why you little
uhoh#ahhhh
ahhhh#boy must die
(choked up) i love you dad#(annoyed grunt) dirty trick okay i am not gonna kill you but i am gonna tell you three things that are gonna haunt you for the rest of your days you ruined your father you have crippled your family and baldness is hereditary
homer why do not you just call the pharmacy and #i do not have a thousand bucks but you do do not you marge ? you do you do you have been squirreling it away have not you ? saving it for a rainy day that is what you said right ? right ? right ?
(to bart) dad is taking this in a less than heroic fashion#(sobbing)
you have got that big speech in five minutes simpson huh you are not gonna hang yourself are you ? (chuckle)#(annoyed grunt)
i have taken the liberty of preparing your speech on the enclosed numbered threeby five cards all the big words are spelled (slowly) phonetically god bless you you are one of springfield's very special creatures your obedient servant karl good luck sir#karl so that wasn't just a sweet voice i heard inside my head what are you doing here ?
i just came to say goodbye to the gals in the typing pool#yeah well thanks for the speech karl but i can not give it (distraught) look at me
i guess i have not taught you anything#what do you mean ?
do not you see ? the tartar sauce the bathroom key  drying your boss's hands you did it all it was never the hair you did it because you believed you could and you still can#no i can not i am just a big fool
oh no you are not#how do you know ?
because my mother taught me never to kiss a fool#karl
now go get 'em tiger#(growl)
(chuckling) he is homer simpson sir#a lot of you would think i was crazy if i did this
he is crazy#yet we at this power plant are doing this every hour of every day bloated inventories outmoded production methods  i can save this company millions of dollars a year how ? through jiko kanri the japanese art of selfmanagement you see in the west the long term benefits more than offsetting the onetime cost for a net savings of
yet we at this power plant are doing this every hour of every day bloated inventories outmoded production methods  i can save this company millions of dollars a year how ? through jiko kanri the japanese art of selfmanagement you see in the west the long term benefits more than offsetting the onetime cost for a net savings of#(struggling) five thousand two i mean (giving up) lots of money
well well well our dashing young junior executive you made a hollow mockery of our morning meeting simpson i should fire you on the spot but i am not going to#uh why ?
(beat) simpson how old do you think i am ?#i do not know a hundred and two ?
ooh i was big man on campus until my senior year when i became as bald as a plucked chicken you see simpson i too know the sting of malepattern baldness that is why i am giving you your old job back#what oh thank you thank you thank you
now get out of here before i reconsider#oh better hurry up
homer are you still awake ?#i have never been more awake in my life
what is wrong ?#are you kidding ? i am stuck in that deadend job again the kids are gonna hate me cause i can not buy them all that stuff i promised 'em and you are not gonna love me as much cause i am ugly and bald
oh homer your job has always put food on our table and the kids'll get over it#and and ? (barely able to ask) what about loving me ?
oh homer honey come here#what ?
come here (grabs his face) (singing passionately) "you are so beautiful to me / you are so beautiful to me / (continues singing) can not you see ? / you are everything that i hoped for /#(singing) i am everything you need /
(singing) i am everything you need /#homer marge
homer marge#to me"
ext house  night)#(to himself) oooo what a haul this year i love halloween
(to himself) oooo what a haul this year i love halloween#wait a minute let's see what the kids are up to
that is all of it sign here#(grandly) there you are my man and a dollar for yourself
a buck i am glad there is a curse on this place#huh ? (to family  surveying the room) well it is all ours
i still can not believe how inexpensive it was#motivated seller marge
well he certainly must have been motivated prime location eighteen bedrooms moat we should not be able to afford this#so we got a good deal for once quit fighting it
what on earth was that ?#(guessing) probably just the house settling
(calling) homer what is this thing in the corner ?#i do not know
it looks like a vortex  a gateway into another dimension#(dryly) ooh a vortex
(dryly) ooh a vortex#catch
catch#hey pretty slick
(slowly more menacing) get out#okay boy let's see you talk yourself out of this one
evil#quiet lisa you are scaring your mother
children get your coats we are leaving this house right now#now wait a minute marge it is only natural there would be some things wrong with an old house like this it is a fixerupper what is the problem ? we get a bunch of priests in here
i am not going to live in a house of evil just to save a few dollars#(genuinely outraged) do not be so stubborn we are not talking about a few dollars we are talking about a few thousand dollars
(genuinely outraged) do not be so stubborn we are not talking about a few dollars we are talking about a few thousand dollars#it is got great high ceilings
it is got great high ceilings#(gasping) tell you what  let's sleep on it okay ?
(groan) all right but if anything happens#what could happen ?
int upstairs hallway)#(evil to himself) they are all against me they all must die
int living room)#(singsongy) marge oh marge
that does it children get dressed we are leaving#aw come on marge you said you would sleep on it
man this place has got everything#(outraged) an ancient indian what ?
(outraged) an ancient indian what ?#(into phone  screaming) mr ploot ? homer simpson here when you sold me this house you forgot to mention one little thing you did not tell me it was built on an indian burial ground (beat  screams) no you did not (beat  screams) well that is not my recollection (beat then backing down) yeah well all right goodbye (hangs up phone) he says he mentioned it five or six times
let's go children#aw gee marge
(firmly) homer#not to worry i will just turn on the trusty bug zapper
(to homer) look at me i have never been so angry my hands are shaking#better than your eyes bursting ewww
hmmm life with the simpsons what choice do i have#wow
homer all these flies#oooo that was a big mama heh heh heh
oooo that was a big mama heh heh heh#that should just about do it man alive there is nothing better than a hamburger grilled to perfection
cool man#the burgers are getting cold guys (looking up) holy moly
dinnertime#hey get a load of that spread
sloppy joes#smothered pork chops
there is something not quite right about this#the girl's right let's get some applesauce out here for these pork chops
the girl's right let's get some applesauce out here for these pork chops#what are you lookin' at buddy ?
your wife is quite a dish#(pleased) oooh thanks
get with the times man#marge and i played that old game before we were married
(ominously) oh we would not want to spoil our appetite for the great feast when we land on rigel four#oooh a feast
(archly) oh you will be at the feast i have a feeling you will be the guests of honor#tell us more about this feast
if you do not believe me look at this book i found#(gasps) marge she is right
(concerned) humans you have stopped eating#listen you big stupid space creature nobody but nobody eats the simpsons
i beg your pardon#do not play dumb with me we found your book
way to go lis#yeah thanks lisa
over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore  while i nodded nearly napping suddenly there came a tapping#huh ?
as of someone gently rapping rapping at my chamber door#(dismissing) 'tis some visitor
i muttered# tapping at my chamber door  only this and nothing more
 sorrow for the lost lenore #oh lenore
for the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name lenore  nameless here for evermore#aag
and the silken sad uncertain rustling of each purple curtain thrilled me  filled me with fantastic terrors never felt before so that now to still the beating of my heart i stood repeating#(terrified chanting rapidly) 'tis some visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door  this it is and nothing more
presently my soul grew stronger hesitating then no longer#(nervously and obsequiously) sir 
 said i # or madam truly your forgiveness i implore but the fact is i was napping and so gently you came rapping and so faintly you came tapping tapping at my chamber door that i scarce was sure i heard you
back into the chamber turning all my soul within me burning soon again i heard a tapping something louder than before#(shrieks) surely 
 said i # surely that is something at my window lattice let me see then what thereat is and this mystery explore 
open here i flung the shutter when with many a flirt and flutter in there stepped a stately raven of the saintly days of yore not the least obeisance made he not a minute stopped or stayed he but with mien of lord or lady perched above my chamber door  perched upon a bust of pallas just above my chamber door  perched and sat and nothing more#(chuckles then friendly) though thy crest be shorn and shaven thou 
i said # art sure no craven ghastly grim and ancient raven wandering from the nightly shore  tell me tell me what thy lordly name is on the night's plutonian shore
then methought the air grew denser perfumed by some unseen censer#ouch censer
swung by seraphim whose footfalls tinkled on the tufted floor#(pleading) wretch 
i cried # thy god hath lent thee  by these angels he hath sent thee (getting teary) respite and nepenthe from thy memories of lenore quaff oh quaff this kind nepenthe and forget this lost lenore
nevermore#(another annoyed grunt then) be that word our sign of parting bird or fiend
i shrieked of starting#get thee back into the tempest and the night's plutonian shore oh leave no black plume as a token of the lie thy soul hath spoken leave my loneliness unbroken  quit the bust above my door take thy beak from out my heart and take thy form from off my door
nevermore#take thy beak from out my heart and take thy form from off my door
nevermore#why you little 
uhoh#come back here now raven
int marge & homer's room)#oh no marge come on please
homer i am not sleeping with the lights on they are just children's stories they can not hurt you#oh oh i hate halloween
well leave it to good old mary bailey to finally step in and do something about that hideous genetic mutation#(snorts) mary bailey well if i was governor i'd sure find better things to do with my time
(snorts) mary bailey well if i was governor i'd sure find better things to do with my time#like getting washington's birthday and lincoln's birthday back as separate paid holidays (derisively) president's day pfft what a ripoff i bust my butt day in and day out 
you are late for work homer#so someone will punch in for me
keep those mutants comin' homer#i will mutant you
int power plant  day)#(disappointed) oh man plain cake donuts ? thanks for taking all the fancies guys (mumbling to himself) why can not i ever get here on time ?
(dismissing) yeah well that is always been like that#(wakens with a shriek) uh uh just resting my eyes
empty bah#ah (waking) uh i am just resting my eyes (looks at his watch) holy moly ninethirty
ah (waking) uh i am just resting my eyes (looks at his watch) holy moly ninethirty#(into phone) hello marge sorry i did not call but it is been a madhouse down here yeah these twelve hour days are killin' me
(into phone) hello marge sorry i did not call but it is been a madhouse down here yeah these twelve hour days are killin' me#echo echo (echo continues) (chuckle)
int rolls royce  night)#(tapping on car window) huh ? what th uh mr burns ?
(startled) ah#(small scream) sorry sir it is just me homer simpson is everything all right ?
working late simpson ?#uh uh yes sir
you and i are a dying breed simpson i am going to share something with you hop in#(bouncing on seat) ooooh cushy
they say we are contaminating the planet#well nobody's perfect
why can not the government just get off our backs ?#you know i was just telling the wife that if i was governor i'd do things a lot differently
(angrily) oh get off your soapbox simpson do you realize how much it costs to run for office ? more than any honest man can afford#i bet you could afford it though
i bet you could afford it though#(nervous) uh do not get me wrong i mean you are an honest man i just meant that you could afford to run for governor if you felt like it 'course i am just rambling because uh because you keep staring at me like that but but it is true i mean if you were governor you could decide what is safe and what is not
(nervous) uh do not get me wrong i mean you are an honest man i just meant that you could afford to run for governor if you felt like it 'course i am just rambling because uh because you keep staring at me like that but but it is true i mean if you were governor you could decide what is safe and what is not#where are we going sir ?
to create a new and better world#(timidly) if it is on the way could you drop me off at my house ?
(timidly) if it is on the way could you drop me off at my house ?#well he is got my vote
homer we are a mary bailey family#mary bailey is not going to fire me if i do not vote for her i am for monty burns
i wonder if he is going to say anything about that horrible fish#oh marge what is the big deal ? i bet before the papers blew this out of proportion you did not even know how many eyes a fish had
int simpson house  living room)#i hope burns and i can count on your support honey
homer (pins on bailey button) i am a bailey booster#oh yeah ? well i am a burns booster (pins on burns button sticks himself) ow
is your boss governor yet ?#not yet son not yet
int simpson house  kitchen)#(crunch) ah great toast marge hmmm oh by the way the night before the election mr burns is coming over for dinner
what#and some reporters and camera crews but you do not need to feed them
absolutely not#come on marge
huh uh i am going to be ringing doorbells for mary bailey that night#(annoyed grunt then firmly) kids please leave the room i do not want you to see this
uh oh#(dropping to knees) please please please please please please please please please please
well i think the noncard question is a valid one#marge (to danielson) do not worry my daughter's very bright i am sure she will be able to memorize your question by dinner time tomorrow
int simpson house  master bedroom  continuous)#marge get back in bed
no i am just fine right here#what is wrong ? i just want to snuggle
well i do not feel like snuggling#what is that got to do with it ?
i do not want to snuggle with anybody who is not letting me express myself#but you do get to express yourself in the lovely home you keep and the food you serve
(deadly calm) okay homer fair enough you got it all right good that is it that is how i am gonna express myself that is right goodnight#huh ?
well what do we think ?#hey hello handsome
hello homer marge you look (pause) dazzling oh and look i have brought noodle kugel#(nervously) bad dog bad neighbor dog here let me help you up mr burns (grunts)
aaaah kitty kitty#are you all right mr burns ?
excellent#(to bart) bart would you like to say grace ?
(to gregor) he is smokin' he is smokin'#(mouth full reading) "you know mr burns my family and i (burp) feel that taxes are too high where do you stand on this highly controversial issue ?"
(feigning surprise) goodness i did not realize this casual dinner was going to turn into a charged political debate#i was only reading what the card
(low) homer homer make them stop#(clears throat then very politely) uh mr burns uh mr burns
uh oh you are busted dad#oh my dreams will go unfulfilled oh no i do not like the sound of that one bit that means i have nothing to hope for marge make it better please can not you make it better huh ?
homer when a man's biggest dreams include seconds on dessert occasional snuggling and sleeping till noon on weekends no one man can destroy them#hey you did it
so homer what happened in capitol city ?#aw barney
come on homer we are dyin' of curiosity#look there is only one thing worse than being a loser it is being one of those guys who sits in a bar telling the story of how he became a loser and i never want that to happen to me
c'mom homer#well okay it all started on "nuclear plant employees spouses and no more than three children night" down at springfield stadium
hey get on the bus dancin' homer#you know boy some of the players you see tonight may make it to the big leagues one day
what ? are not we gonna see any washedup major leaguers ?#sure we get a nice mix here
i can not think of a better place to spend a balmy summer's night than the old ball yard there is just the green grass of the outfield the crushed brick of the infield and the white chalk lines that divide the man from the little boy#(chuckles) lisa honey you are forgetting the beer it comes in seventytwo ounce tubs here
i hope you will space out the tubs this year homer#(defensive) what are you getting at ?
well last year you got a little rambunctious and mooned the poor umpire#marge (holding up the ticket) this ticket does not just give me a seat it also gives me the right  no the duty to make a complete ass of myself
ah well if it is not the simps#uh simpsons sir
(grumbles)#oh that is okay the baby's name is not important let's go marge
(mumbling) lousy washedup brokendown old tub of guts who does he think he is anyway#what is the matter boy ?
(reading) "hmmm springfield kozy kort motel room 26 how 'bout it ?  flash"#wow flash bailor came on to my wife (impressed) you have still got the magic marge
(pointing) hey dad look you are on jumbovision#whoa
whoa#hey everybody how you doin' ? look at me i am homer simpson hehheh
(quietly) homer homer xyz#examine my zipper ? why ? (homer looks down) whoops
examine my zipper ? why ? (homer looks down) whoops#(chuckles) thanks everybody
oh shut up#hey burns hey "rag arm"
ah sitting with the employees i guess this proves i am their friend (then) you did get me something on an aisle smithers ? i do not want to be surrounded by them#let's go now sawinggg batter
here we are sir#(sotto) oh no marge sitting next to the boss  the best night of the year and it is ruined (grumbling) of all the lousy rotten this stinks
all this means is you can not wave your fanny in public#(annoyed grunt) rub it in
here duff beer that marge ?#delicious frosty beer fat lot of good that does me sitting next to old man burns
(to homer) i suppose you want a beer ?#me sir ? oh no not a chance only idiots drink beer
actually i was wondering if you would join me my treat#ohhh well if someone of your stature can enjoy a beer maybe i am all turned around on the subject wait a minute we are not having a drug test tomorrow are we ?
(chanting) the hitter's off his rocker / kissing betty crocker#(chuckles) good one sir
oh well i used to rile the late great connie mack with that one at old shibe park#(chanting) little baby batter / can not control his bladder (laughs)
(chanting) little baby batter / can not control his bladder (laughs)#will you shut up i am trying to think of a name
hmmm crude but i like it (then holding up 72 oz tub) what do you say we freshen up our little drinkie poos ?#do not mind if i do
well simpsie you up for another wave ?#all right burnsie
big bill mccloskey coming up as soon as he pops out we will go right to the postgame show#c'mon all we need is a grand slam
my one game of the year ruined by pathetic incompetence#what is wrong with you people ? let's show some spirit come on get up
what is wrong with you people ? let's show some spirit come on get up#(to the crowd) your team needs you c'mon
(to the crowd) your team needs you c'mon#as i got up in front of them i felt an intoxication that had nothing to do with alcohol it was the intoxication of being a public spectacle
ext parking lot  moments later)#i thank you you are too kind glad you enjoyed it but i can not take all the credit the batter did his part too
excuse me you sir  the dancing fella i am antoine "tex" o'hara i own the isotopes would you be interested in becoming our official mascot ?#m me ? a mascot for a bush league team ?
m me ? a mascot for a bush league team ?#i should have slept on it or at least stared blankly for a while perhaps if i'd been unable to think of a nickname all our lives might have been spared
i should have slept on it or at least stared blankly for a while perhaps if i'd been unable to think of a nickname all our lives might have been spared#well i am ready to punch in
did the team ask you to dress like that homer ?#nope this was my own bright idea (then) c'mon we gotta hurry do not fill up on those vegetables kids save room for your nachos
nope this was my own bright idea (then) c'mon we gotta hurry do not fill up on those vegetables kids save room for your nachos#for the first time in my life people weren't laughing at me they were laughing towards me
a simpson on a tshirt i never thought i'd see the day#oooh boogie boogie boogie boogie boogie woo boogie boogie boogie boogie boogie boogie
hey knock that off or i will stick this bat where the sun do not shine#oh yeah ? and where might that be ? (realizing) oh
oh yeah ? and where might that be ? (realizing) oh#helen i am in a caribbean mood tonight how 'bout giving me "baby elephant walk" with a little reggae kinda beat ?
int owner's office  minutes later)#you wanted to see me "tex" ?
homer now we both knew when you began doing this you weren't gonna be here forever#(interrupting) oh oh oh i get it you can not fire the players so you fire the mascot you make me sick
homer i am not firing you i just got the word  you have been called up to capital city#me ? in the majors ?
that is right#wait a minute capital city has a mascot the greatest mascot there is the capital city "goofball"
yeah but he is getting on in years and he needs someone to fill in for a couple of innings a night could be a big opportunity for you#i will say
why do not you talk it over with your family ?#(whining) because they might say no
int moe's bar  continuous)#this was the biggest decision the simpsons ever faced i should've listened to the kids instead of my big dumb wife
this was the biggest decision the simpsons ever faced i should've listened to the kids instead of my big dumb wife#i should not have called her that bite my tongue bite my tongue (bites tongue) oooh
i can not leave springfield i was born here and i thought i would die here#it will not be so bad you will die someplace else
well what am i supposed to do about friends ?#phfft you will make new and better friends
homer i'd be lying if i did not say that this scares me a little but we all have a calling a reason the almighty put us on this earth and yours might be to dance on dugouts#you mean   ?
whatever does not kill me can only make me stronger#it is not that simple i have got to convince my supervisor to give me a leave of absence
so simpson you are really moving to capital city ?#that is right ned
(indicating stuff on lawn) uh huh and all this stuff is for sale huh ? you know iii do not know how to say this but well#oh knock it off flanders do not start blubbering on me i am gonna miss you too (under is breath) not
ext ballpark  night)# some may say that i have been given a bad break in life  little education bald as a cue ball ten years on the same job for the same salary  but today as i leave for capital city i consider myself the luckiest mascot on the face of the earth
 some may say that i have been given a bad break in life  little education bald as a cue ball ten years on the same job for the same salary  but today as i leave for capital city i consider myself the luckiest mascot on the face of the earth#with the fickle fans already forgetting me i was ready to take the biggest step of my life
with the fickle fans already forgetting me i was ready to take the biggest step of my life#(annoyed grunt)
ext capital city  night)#well kids there it is capital city
wow#wow
"people stop and scream hello /#kids look street crime
"it is the kind of place that makes#wow that is service
"fourth street and d/ yeah/ once you get a whiff of ityou will never want to roam"#(reverential) the duff brewery
awww come to bed homie#sorry honey i am just a little nervous
sorry honey i am just a little nervous#we would talk about it always for the first time in our lives marge fell asleep before i did
ext capital city cap dome  dusk)#okay here are your tickets they are supposed to be good you are sitting with the player's wives and do not forget to cheer for me
see you after the game when you are a big star#bart was strangely quiet later he explained he was confused by feelings of respect for me that would not last
int cap city dome)#(to himself) wow
(to himself) wow#omigod i do not believe it it is really you the capital city "goofball"
the fifth inning will be yours everyone is settled in they have had a coupla beers the game is official it is a pretty important inning#wow the fifth
it is also the inning i wish i had a zipper on the front of this thing if you know what i mean#right mr goofball
hey call me plain ol' "goof" so what exactly do you have planned for us ?#well i get up i dance i spell out the name of the city all to the tune of baby elephant walk
throw at his head#who'd've thought it ? a free ticket to a big league park but i was too tense to enjoy the game every ounce of concentration i possessed was focused on the task at hand
red hots get your read hots here#oooh red hots
ladies and gentlemen capital city's newest sensation dancin' homer#(to himself) mmm these do taste better at the ballpark (with his mouth full) uh oh
(pointing) there he is#i was graceful i was witty brother i was somethin'
i was graceful i was witty brother i was somethin'#but they did not care
i do not know#it was so quiet you could hear each individual smartass remark
these cornball antics may play in the sticks but this is capital city#the only applause i got was for dragging my carcass out of there
now stop it you two and do not look too down i am sure this is hard enough for your father#what a family
ext freeway  night)#my wife and kids stood by me on the way home i realized how little that helped
int moe's tavern)#(sighs) so that is it the costume's buried now as my son would say i am one sad apelike dude
what a saga#hey you guys are hanging on my every word i have become the center of attention
tell it again homer#okay i wonder why stories of degradation and humiliation make you more popular
ext simpson front yard  saturday afternoon)#(under his breath) bust my hump all week stupid grass supposed to be the boy's job
(writing) "one o'clock  still just a potato#(not real friendly) h'lo flanders
doing a little yard work huh ?#(sarcastic) who told ? (calling to marge) marge beer me
say simpson ii have got some timerelease granules that'll get rid of that crabgrass in just a halfajif#crabgrass ? what are you talking about ? where ?
well (pointing) ooh there there and uh there is a big patch over there#(defensive) there is nothing wrong with crabgrass it just has a bad name that is all everyone would love it if it had a cute name like uh elfgrass
(chuckles) well you may be right#(hollering) marge where is the duff ?
(hollering) marge where is the duff ?#(through his teeth) do not toy with me woman
could not help overhearing simpson i have got some icecold suds in the rumpus room if you would like to join me#well uh okay what the heck i have earned a little break
int flanders house  basement/rumpus room  continuous)#holy moly it is it is beautiful
say that is right this is your first visit to the flanders homestead#well we have only been neighbors what ? uh (counting all of his fingers) one two three four eight years
ain't she wonderful simpson ?#yeah yeah yeah but are not we forgetting something flanders ?
heh heh this is a tasty little lager that came all the way from holland#well beggars can not be choosy
(to homer) ah kids can be a trial sometimes#(angry) all right knock it off
uh knock what off simpson ?#you have been rubbing my nose in it since i got here your family is better than my family your beer comes from farther away than my beer you and your son like each other your wife's butt is higher than my wife's butt you make me sick
(formally) simpson i am afraid i am going to have to ask you to leave i hope you understand#i would not stay on a bet
i would not stay on a bet#one for the road
play it where it lays homer#sorry marge but it is just that i am still steamed up about that jerk flanders (grumbling) lousy bragging knowitall showoff
what exactly did he say ?#get this he said he said well it wasn't so much what he said it was how he said it
well how did he say it ?#(muttering) well he
was he angry ?#no
was he rude ?#okay okay it wasn't how he said it either but the message was loud and clear our family stinks
homer i am your best friend but i have gotta say i have never seen him be anything but a perfect neighbor#oh he is perfect now is he ?
well he is not perfect but he is very#no no marge do not backpedal you were right the first time he is perfect perfect in every way
no no marge do not backpedal you were right the first time he is perfect perfect in every way#i am just gonna go take a walk around the block to calm down i got a little excited (pointed) i am not perfect like ned flanders
ext simpson house  night)#flanders
i do not blame you for being upset with me homer i just wanted to give you this letter i will leave now#(reading) "dear neighbor "
(reading) "dear neighbor "#(reading laughing) "you are my brother i love you (laughs) and yet i feel a great sadness (beat) in my bosom"
(reading laughing) "you are my brother i love you (laughs) and yet i feel a great sadness (beat) in my bosom"#wait wait there is more
i think it is terrible a man opens his heart and you make fun of him#(reading laughing) "neighbors forever oh no ned flanders"
i wish this family was as close as the flanders#okay okay all right all right she is right let's do something together what does everyone say to some miniature golf followed by a round of frosty chocolate milkshakes ?
and i am studying for the math fair if i win i will bring home a brand new protractor#too bad we do not live on a farm (to bart) let's go boy
ext miniature golf course  first hole  continuous)#fore
heh heh heh heh#(whiny protest) but i got it in the middle
(whiny protest) but i got it in the middle#(annoyed grunt) that was just a practice shot boy
give up homeboy there is a sixstroke limit#i know i know i can still make this for five (concentrates) come on baby pleeze pleeze go in pleeze (annoyed grunt)
hi simpson having fun ?#flanders what are you doing here ?
all right this will be fun oh say you looked like you were having a little trouble there#that shot is impossible jack nicholson himself could not make it
good shot toddsky#(aside to bart) luck
bart fortyone homer let's see six plus six plus six plus six plus six plus six#never mind
so my little bartley thinking of entering the tournament ?#yeah he is entering and what is more he is going to win are not you boy ?
hey i like that confidence but i hope you are not putting too much pressure on the boy my todd's awfully good#oh yeah well i think the fruit of my loins can beat the fruit of your loins any day of the week
oh yeah well i think the fruit of my loins can beat the fruit of your loins any day of the week#come on boy
but dad i have never won anything in my life#son this is the only time i am ever gonna say this it is not okay to lose
(irritated) you brought food#(to santa's little helper) stay stay good dog now keep your head down
(to santa's little helper) stay stay good dog now keep your head down#no not you i am talking to the boy (to bart) keep your head down follow through
no not you i am talking to the boy (to bart) keep your head down follow through#okay that did not work this time move your head and do not follow through
oh man#(outraged) what're you doing ? that putter is to you what a bat is to a baseball player what a violin is to the guy thathe violin guy now c'mon give your putter a name
what ?#come on give it a name
(timidly) mr putter#do you wanna try a little harder son ? come on give it a girl's name
mom#(gruffly) your putter's name is charlene
why ?#it just is that is why
it just is that is why#now this is a picture of your enemy todd flanders every day i want you to spend fifteen minutes staring at it and concentrating on how much you hate him and how glorious it will be when you and charlene annihilate him
who is charlene ?#(angry) i will show you who charlene is now start hating
homer i could not help overhearing you warp bart's mind#and ?
well i am worried that you are making too big a deal of this silly little kiddie golf tournament#but marge this is our big chance to show up the flanderses
well i am sure it is but why do we want to do that ?#because sometimes the only way you can feel good about yourself is by making someone else look bad (bitterly) and i am tired of making other people feel good about themselves
if a tree falls in the woods and no one's around does it make a sound ?#i said now
i can not believe it you have actually found a practical use for geometry#bart what're you doing ? get down from there before the neighbors see 
hey simpson#(annoyed grunt) flanders i do not care what this looks like bart's gonna mop the floor with your son's ugly butt
(clinging to his decency) well sir may the best man win#ah "may the best man win" the mating call of the loser
now just a minute simpson i think my son has a very good chance#oh yeah ? wanna bet ?
oh i am a chicken am i ?#that is right
all right how is this for a wager ? a batch of your wife's delicious blueberry muffins against one of my wife's homemade wind chimes#what are you afraid to make a real bet ?
(getting angry) you know simpson you are starting to annoy me#how about this henny penny ? if bart wins tomorrow you have to mow my lawn
(even angrier) all right and if todd wins you have to mow my lawn and do a decent job of it for a change#better yet you have to mow my lawn in your wife's sunday dress
int simpson kitchen  day)#read that back to me marge
(interrupts) eh eh just a minute "loser" is such a harsh word could not we just say "the boy who does not win" ?#oh man fine
now i suppose you both have to sign this i hope blood will not be necessary#i am game if you are flanders
ext miniature golf course  day)#keep your left arm straight bart rotate your shoulders
dad#(gently) look son all i am asking is that you try
okay i will try#(scornful) anybody can try i want you to win
homer ?#marge give me your honest opinion (holds up a dress) this ? (holds up the other one) or this ?
int simpson house  bart's bedroom)#good morning son oh by the way today's the day of the big tournament and you would better win
dad#see you downstairs boy
see you downstairs boy#heh heh that crazy marmaduke
oatmeal#oatmeal ?
oats are what a champion thoroughbred eats before he or she wins the kentucky derby#news flash lisa bart is not a horse eat your steak boy
thanks man#hey flanders it is no use praying i already did the same thing and we can not both win
(through clenched teeth) actually simpson we were praying that no one gets hurt#oh well flanders it does not matter this time tomorrow you will be wearing high heels
no you will#'fraid not
'fraid so#'fraid not
'fraid so#(smugly) 'fraid not infinity
'fraid so infinity plus one#(annoyed grunt)
and the battle is well and truly joined#woohoohoo (to flanders)
it is okay son you can recover#(to himself pleading) come on bart remember what vince lombardi said "if you lose you are out of the family"
homer#ow
well homer our kids showed us something today huh ? by working together we can both be winners (chuckles) thank heaven neither of us has to go through with that silly wager (extending his hand) put 'er there pal#ohhh so you are gonna welch on our bet ?
what are you talking about ? neither boy lost#i got it right here in writing
i got it right here in writing#(reading) "the father of the boy who does not win has to mow the lawn in his wife's sunday dress"
(disbelieving) but neither i mean we are both i mean you have to do it too#it is a small price to pay to see you humiliate yourself
why do i get the feeling that someday i will be describing this to a psychiatrist ?#listen to 'em laughing this is so humiliating i am never gonna live this down damn flanders
listen to 'em laughing this is so humiliating i am never gonna live this down damn flanders#halftime marge halftime
(laughing) y'know simpson i feel kinda silly but what the hay you know it kinda reminds me of my good ole' fraternity days#(annoyed grunt) oh my god he is enjoying it
(muffled) bart cut it out#bart stop fighting with your sister
it is not yours bart this is family glue#stop it you two this is thanksgiving so glue friendly or i will take your glue away and then no one will have any glue to glue with
(from tv) uhoh here comes our friend bullwinkle j moose#heh heh heh bullwinkle's antler sprung a leak
who the hell is that ?#bullwinkle
who ? (beat) wait a minute who is that ?#underdog do not you know anything ?
well i know it would not hurt 'em to use some cartoons made in the last fifty years#son this is a tradition if you start building a balloon for every flashinthepan cartoon character you would turn the parade into a farce
here comes the cavalry#(annoyed grunt)
homer you promised to be nice to my sisters#i know i will
just stick it in the refrigerator when you are done bart bart ?#see maggie ? those silver and blue guys are the dallas cowboys they are daddy's favorite team and he wants them to lose by less than five and a half points understand ?
(annoyed murmur)#hi patty (kiss) hi selma (kiss)
hi patty (kiss) hi selma (kiss)#good to see ya (beat) well gotta pick up my old man 'bye
and now get set for our fabulous halftime show featuring the wellgroomed young gogetters of "hurray for everything"#oh i love those kids they have got such a great attitude
(mistyeyed) oh i knew they would not forget me#come on dad let's get outta here
slow down boy what is your hurry ?#this place is depressing
hey i live here#(covering) oh well i am sure it is a blast once you get used to it let's go
that is no way to lay a fire where is your kindling ?#(panting) this thing's gonna be roaring any time now
even a caveman could start a fire#(annoyed grunt)
dinner dinner time everybody dinner#(re fire) the hell with this
(gasps) lisa my goodness that is very impressive#holy moly that is the biggest one of those i ever saw
da da daah da da dah daaahhh#speaking of heroes here's mine tom turkey
you do not even care you do not even care#all right bart that is it go to your room now
(fuming) i did not ruin thanksgiving she did buncha jerks i always get blamed for everything#and lord we are especially thankful for nuclear power the cleanest safest energy source there is except for solar which is just a pipe dream anyway we'd like to thank you for the occasional moments of peace and love our family's experienced well not today you saw what happened oh lord be honest are we the most pathetic family in the universe or what ?
worst prayer yet#(annoyed grunt)
oh why do not i go talk to her ?#do not worry marge'll fix everything
uhoh i mean good#hey what are you doing ? no drop that drumstick bad dog bad santa's little helper come on gimme that gimme that (annoyed grunt)
hey what are you doing ? no drop that drumstick bad dog bad santa's little helper come on gimme that gimme that (annoyed grunt)#okay out you go
homer was never stubborn he always folded instantly over anything it was as if he had no will of his own is not that true homer ?#yes dad
pompous blowdried college boy#you know his girlfriend is the weather lady
(interrupting gasps) it is bart#what show is this ?
oh no my sweet little bart#(into phone) hello operator ? gimme the number for 911
int simpson house  living room)#will you forget the report he is down at the rescue mission
can you think of any reason he might have run away ? anything at all ?#(embarrassed) well uh we did kinda yell at him and sent him to his room and tried to force him to apologize to his sister
homer this is a terrible thing that is happened but we can not blame ourselves#we can and will
children need discipline you can ask any syndicated advice columnist#(beat) marge are we ever gonna see him again ?
oh my special little guy we were so worried#oh it is great to have you back boy we were afraid we'd lost you
no no no that will not do at all#yeah boy get down on your knees and beg for forgiveness
now we can blame him for everything#(pointing at bart) it is your fault i am bald
but i only got up to go to the can#damn no spots
apology accepted#(to marge) you know marge we are great parents
(to marge) you know marge we are great parents#(praying) oh lord on this blessed day we thank thee for giving our family one more crack at togetherness amen
int moe's tavern  day)#rasputin's got the reach but on the other hand the professor's got his patented coma lock if you ask me this is gonna be one hell of a match
correction was your seat#(mouth full) hey i do not see your name engraved on the bar stool
(from tv) twenty tons and four stories of carcrunching firebreathing prehistoric insanity#whoa
ext simpson house  continuous)#truckasaurous
int dining room  evening)#i have an announcement to make as a family growth thing bart and i think we should all go to the monster truck rally this saturday
are not you forgetting something ?#uh (to himself) monster truck rally growth thing (to lisa) no i do not think so
but truckasaurous is one night only#(distraught) oh cruel fate why do you mock me ?
now come on you two what time does your little truck game start ?#(tearfully) eight o'clock but what does it matter ?
well lisa's recital starts at five o'clock we could go to both#marge you are a genius
(sternly) people let's have good assembly manners people people quiet down now please do not make me flick the lights on and off (beat) thank you (then) ladies gentlemen parents and music lovers welcome to the first in a series of saturday evening concerts#series ? (moans)
tonight sherbert's (chuckles) uh schubert's unfinished symphony#oh good unfinished this should not take long
remember children stay together five six seven eight#that was beautiful can we go now ?
sit down homer#how much longer was sherbert planning on making this piece of junk ?
oh my lisa was wonderful she certainly's come a long way with her fingering#thanks flanders (sotto to marge) big knowitall
my son my son#(sympathetic) come on flanders he is not that bad
homer drive defensively#sometimes the best defense is a good offense
dad ?#not now lisa
(weakly) homer#what ?
truckasaurous#(excited) where where ?
another barrier broken (yells) right on sister#let the destruction begin (examines his food disappointed) hey they forgot my corn dog
gimme some nachos homersaurous#here you go bartasaurous
this is so cool#oh i can not watch
ext simpson house  car  night)#bart bart we are home son
dad i want to be a daredevil#(chuckles) kids say such stupid things
oh my little boy (kisses)#come on marge we are mad at 'im
better than all right i got stitches#ewwww
well as tragic as all this is it is a small price to pay for countless hours of topnotch entertainment#amen (turns to bart) well bart has dr hibbert made his point ?
thank you how 'bout a hand for these brave little animals ?#oh hi kids thanks (he waves)
what is the matter ?#you did not mean that bart this is not one of those phoneybaloney promises i do not expect you to keep if you make this promise you have to keep it
int simpson kitchen  morning)#springfield gorge ? i thought we settled this daredevil junk
you can not#i can and do go to your room bart there i have done it i am glad somebody finally stepped in and put an end to this nonsense once and for all
hey man you can tell me not to do it but there is no way you can watch me twentyfour hours a day and the minute your back is turned i am grabbing my skateboard and headin' for that gorge#he is got us marge there is nothing we can do he is as good as dead
homer you are his father you have got to try and reason with him#oh that never works he is a goner
(exasperated) oh come on homer a heart to heart talk with your son you have got to try#okay okay i will try
int simpson house  bart's room  later)#bart ? bart ?
bart ? bart ?#bart what are you doing ?
ah nothing#you were on your way to jump the gorge weren't you ?
maybe#look i know i can not stop you the only thing i can do is ask you to promise me you will not jump the gorge
(casually) okay i promise#(annoyed grunt)
(annoyed grunt)#'cause if you do not i will never believe anything you say ever again
aw come on#i mean it boy
(sincerely) well okay dad i promise i will not jump springfield gorge#that is my boy
how'd it go homer ?#(with pride) you know marge we got a pretty good kid there
well he is got a pretty good father#(chuckles)
int simpson house  bart's room)#hey boy wanna toss the old 
hey boy wanna toss the old #(angry grunt) why that little liar i should and i was gonna play pickle with him
ext springfield gorge)#bart
hey what gives ?#boy i have tried ordering you i have tried punishing you and god help me i even tried reasoning with you and the only thing left for me to do is for me to jump the gorge myself
what ? why ?#because that way you will see what it is like to witness a family member stupidly risking his life for no good reason
(worried) but dad you will never make it#do not you think i know that ?
do not you think i know that ?#goodbye son
wait dad do not do it i will not jump anymore i promise#ohhh thank god thank god thank god
i love you dad#i love you too son you know boy i do not think i have ever felt as close to you as i do right  (screams)
i love you too son you know boy i do not think i have ever felt as close to you as i do right  (screams)#(excited) i am going to make it i am going to make it this is the greatest thrill of my life i am king of the world woo hoo woo hoo i
int itchy & scratchy international  boardroom)#(to lance) you think you have got guts try raising my kids
(low to herself) a dash of rosemary a smidgin of thyme a pinch of marjoram#you know marge you make the best pork chops in the whole world
a sprinkle of chervil half a teaspoon of turmeric and a whisper of msg#marge i am gonna build you a spice rack
you do not have to go to all that trouble just for me#it is no trouble i have got a whole garageful of tools i never use
hey down in front#shut up boy
int garage  continuous)#(to himself) i knew all this stuff would come in handy some day let's see now ah here it is the complete handyman's bookshelf volume one spice rack
(to himself) i knew all this stuff would come in handy some day let's see now ah here it is the complete handyman's bookshelf volume one spice rack#(reading) "pick  up  a  ham  mer" (mumbling)
(reading) "pick  up  a  ham  mer" (mumbling)#(awed by his achievement) wowww
hey dad can you move your head ?#(selfpity) no i can not it is broken
no maggie bad baby#(screams) keep her away from me marge she is got that crazy look in her eyes again
int simpson house  living room  that afternoon)#(into phone) you heard me i will not be in for the rest of the week (listens) i told you my baby beat me up (listens) oh it is not the worst excuse i ever thought up wise guy
int simpson house  living room  continuous)#hey how come you can watch cartoons but the kids can not ?
(preoccupied) because#because why ?
because i said so#because you said so why ?
(frustrated) homer i am trying to work#oh (beat) what are you doing ?
what kind of warped human being would find that funny ?#heh heh heh
(shaking her head) this is the kind of entertainment they think is suitable for younger and more impressionable viewers ?#(chuckles at something on tv) yeah but what are ya gonna do ?
int chairman i & s international's office)#no
ext itchy & scratchy international  front gate)#(low to marge) everybody's looking at us marge
well that is what we want them to do homer#oh well how long are we going to have to be doing this ?
int simpson house  dining room  very late that night)#(toying with his tv dinner) i did not know they still made tv dinners this bad
no#(whining) there is peas in my fruit cobbler
all right#hey tomorrow night how about making some of your patented pork chops ?
hmmm sure (remembering) oh dear i can not i have got three protest rallies tomorrow#(annoyed grunt) twenty million women in the world and i had to marry jane fonda
int simpson house  living room  a week later)#you know some of these stories are pretty good i never know mice lived such interesting lives
(margelike voice) do not do that do not do that hey do not do that#(laughing) take that you dumb squirrel
(seething) mmmmmmmph#(laughing) where do they get their ideas ?
it is an asphalt spreader it is sixty seven tools in one how much would you pay for a machine that can do all this ?#one thousand dollars
do not answer yet#oh sorry
 because you also get#(mild protest) i was watching that
i think it sucks#(scream)  oh hey thank you maggie
so what did you kids do today ?#sit down boy
sure#(awe) wow what great kids this is the golden age marge and the parents of springfield owe it all to you
i did not really expect things to change this much#well i always knew you would change the world for the better
ext simpson house  next morning)#(sleepily) marge get the door
"smartline" with our local emmyaward winning host kent brockman#really ? great
int springfield museum  great hall)#well there he is michelangelo's dave
david#oh what is wrong marge ?
oh homie here the kids have a chance to see a great work of art and instead they are home watching a cat and mouse disembowel each other#hey do not worry marge pretty soon every boy and girl in springfield elementary school is gonna come and see this thing
really why ?#they are forcing 'em (laughs uncontrollably)
(waving) yessir#he is awake
(eagerly) i did go away mom i was miles and miles and miles away writhing in agony in the pits of hell (points to each family member in turn) and you were there and you and you and you (points at hutz) you i have never seen before#(turning to hutz) hey yeah who are you ? i saw you chasing bart's ambulance
it turns into a sponge when you put it in water#ooo classy
(even more agonized shriek)#well the fiend who did this to my boy is my boss and besides the doctor says it is just a bump on the head and a broken toe nothing serious
that is the downside now here's the good part you can chingchingching cash in on this tragedy#(massaging his chest) wow
hey simpson i heard mr burns crushed your boy#yeah (getting a little angry) if i wasn't so spineless i'd march into mr burns' office right now and
simpson#(choking & sputtering)
mr burns wants you to march into his office right now#uhoh
ah simpson at last we meet#nice to meet you too sir
(handing check to homer) (impressively) one hundred dollars (quickly) of course you will have to sign a waiver relinquishing your right to sue and so forth merely a formality#(stunned) a hundred bucks ?
(stunned) a hundred bucks ?#wwell it is a vvery generous offer sir but his medical bills alone
throw him out smithers#(with some dignity) you do not have to do that mr burns i can throw myself out
(with some dignity) you do not have to do that mr burns i can throw myself out#hey lionel hutz
int hutz's inner office  continuous)#(admiring diplomas) you sure have got some education mr hutz
oh oh well mr simpson the state bar forbids me from promising you a big cash settlement but just between you and me i promise you a big cash settlement my fee is fifty percent#(resisting) fifty percent ?
you will be getting more than just a lawyer mr simpson you will also be getting this exquisite faux pearl necklace  a $99 value  as our gift to you#(looking at necklace) well i dunno you and i might have different ideas about just how big a big cash settlement is
a million dollars#whoo ooo i stand corrected a million bucks is aokay
int waiting room of dr nick riviera's office  next day)#(whistles admiringly)
(pointing) you see that dark spot there ? whiplash#whiplash oh no
am i gonna die ?#(breaking down) yes son
(shocked) homer#(quickly controlling himself) no of course you are not going to die everything's fine
will i ever play baseball again ?#(breaking down again) no
that is right he did excuse me but dr hibbert has been our family physician for years and he thought bart was fine#oh dr hibbert from (singsong) johns hopkins medical school ?
thank you your honor (he approaches bart) now bart i want you to tell the jury in your own words exactly what happened on the day of the accident#just give me a ticket
dad may i please make an observation ?#oh what ? what is it ?
oh i do not like everything about them just their heads (chuckles) (to homer) well would you care for some wine old buddy ?#do not mind if i do
bottoms up simpson there is plenty more where that came from#mr burns are you trying to get me drunk ?
yes now then homer old chum i am sure you will agree with me that this trial is an affront to our collective dignity what do you say we settle this man to man ?#you mean duke it out ?
well a handsome sum that can end this little embrolio once and for all#(loud) five hundred thousand dollars
(with finger to lips) upupupup do not answer me now relax talk it over with the missus soak in the opulence of your surroundings and dream of what might be smithers let's go powder my nose#well marge what do you think ?
what do you think homer ?#i will tell you what i think i think he thinks (screaming) i am an idiot the only reason he is offering us this is because he knows he is gonna lose the trial and have to pay us a cool million
oh i feel faint#(derisive) "five hundred thousand dollars" i spit on his five hundred thousand dollars
(to homer) she sounded like she was taking that awful seriously#(whining) oh the truth
i am sorry but my mother always said "if you can not say anything nice do not say anything at all"#(to hutz) will that hold up in court ?
well to be honest he seemed a lot more concerned about wrapping bart in bandages than in making him feel better and he mispronounced words that even i know like abdomen and his office was dirty now that i think about it i am not sure he is even a doctor#(annoyed grunt)
but your lawyer  assuming he is a lawyer  is asking for a million ? (to jury) well we can not blame them for trying can we thank you very much mrs simpson#(sobbing) oh marge
i think we should take it#(shudders)
int simpson house  dining room)#(thinking) a million dollars my wife cost me a million dollars
homer would you like some more macaroni and cheese ?#(thinking) yeah a million dollars worth you treacherous snake woman (flatly) no thank you
some string beans ?#(thinking) no i do not want any string beans either you twotiming backstabbing uh oh i better answer (flatly) no thank you
some celery with cream cheese on it ?#(unintelligible murmur) (flatly) no thank you
what ? we could have bought tons of great stuff mom maids a pool fancy sweaters stop me if i am wrong#marge dear would it be all right if i went over to moe's for a drink ?
sure#(thinking) i do not know if i will ever come back here (flatly) goodnight
int moe's tavern)#well that is it i guess this is the class i am gonna die in
eh you are better off rich people are not happy from the day they are born to the day they die they think they are happy but trust me they ain't#(thinking) moe i wish he'd shut up
and it is not even ladies night#hey hey guys knock it off it is just my wife
homer i'd like you to forgive me for doing the right thing#oh marge
we have squabbled over money before  never this much  i mean i know this is different than that time i washed your pants with the twenty in the pocket but i#(with trouble) no no no you think this is about money ? well it is not it is worse marge i am afraid that from now on when i look at you i am not gonna see the wife by my side or the mother of my children i am just gonna see the dame who blew my one big chance
what are you saying homer ?#i am saying (thinking) she is been your wife for ten years you have had three children together it is time to be honest with her (to marge) i am not sure i love you anymore
(gasps)#but do not worry i will never let on i will still do all the bed stuff maybe it will not be so bad
oh my lord well i do not want to wait another minute to find out whether you love me anymore i think that you should look me in the eyes and find out#(moans)
homer look at me#alright alright look at her if it will make her shut up start with the feet still angry ? good good homer good this is tough need refreshment ahh good old trustworthy beer my love for you will never die alright alright gotta look the wife straight in the eyes and tell her
alright alright look at her if it will make her shut up start with the feet still angry ? good good homer good this is tough need refreshment ahh good old trustworthy beer my love for you will never die alright alright gotta look the wife straight in the eyes and tell her#oh who am i kidding ? i love you more than ever
mcbain#sorry to scare you like that babe
int simpson kitchen  dinnertime)#is it done yet ? is it done yet ?
your meatloaf will be ready in eight seconds homer#(annoyed grunt) is not there anything faster than a microwave ? (counting down with timer) four three two one ping
(annoyed grunt) is not there anything faster than a microwave ? (counting down with timer) four three two one ping#we have meatloaf
(calls out) get it while it is unbelievably hot kids#(temptingly) yum i have got a dried out endpiece with your name on it lisa
(sighs) thursday  meatloaf night as it was is now and ever shall be#what are you getting at ?
well you are always trying to teach me to be openedminded try new things live life to the#what are you talking about ? nobody's trying to teach you that
what are you talking about ? nobody's trying to teach you that#shut up boy
well maybe lisa's right tomorrow night it might be nice to go out for dinner#tomorrow night ? friday ? pork chop night ? marge we have not missed pork chop night since the great pig scare in '87
(sighs) friday night pork chops from cradle to grave etched in stone in god's library somewhere#okay okay okay okay where do you want to go ?
anywhere but hamburgers pizza or fried chicken#fine we will go to mars
please homer can not we try it ?#no
please dad this argument humiliates us both#if i said no the first time what makes you think i am gonna say yes the second time ?
nothing but you might say yes the ninetyninth time#oh try me
please dad#no
please dad#no
please dad#no
please dad#no
please dad#no
please dadplease#oh okay okay
please do not be alarmed our chefs are just saying hello#oh okay (screaming) hello
not today (to homer) and sir ?#it is so hard to choose it all looks so terrible just bring me (pointing at menu) one of these and one of these and one of those
no no no toshiro the squid looks like it is been hacked by a blind woodsman hang your head in shame#good thing i am openminded (pinches his nose)
good thing i am openminded (pinches his nose)#hmmm hmmm not bad interesting
hmmm hmmm not bad interesting#i will try this little pink one here hmmm very good another one
i will try this little pink one here hmmm very good another one#oh boy this fish is deelish
and i'd like to dedicate this next song to my wife patti (sings) "i was born in the wagon of a travelling show / mama used to dance for the money they'd throw / papa would do whatever he could"# oh oh and two of these things
two uni#and oh oh i do not believe i have tried the flying fish roe
i recommend it with a raw quail egg on top#you are the doctor
"right on"#there is gotta be something i have not tried huh ? hey what is this ? fugu
it is blowfish sir but i should warn you that one#come on pal fugu me
(to himself) concentrate concentrate#(yelling) i want fugu
(yelling) i want fugu#mmmm fanfugutastic
mmmm fanfugutastic#beautiful language is not it marge ?
for god's sake do not eat another bite#oh i could not possibly
mr simpsonsan i shall be blunt we have reason to believe you have eaten poison#poison what should i do ? what should i do ? tell me quick
ext hospital  establishing)#(to himself mimicking) "try something new homer what'll it hurt you homer ?" (then) i never heard of a poison pork chop
hmmm your wife agreed that i should break this to you#no need doc i can read marge like a book
no need doc i can read marge like a book#(brightly) oooh it is good news is not it ?
no mr simpson if in fact you have consumed the venom of the blowfish  and from what the chef has told me it is quite probable you have twentyfour hours to live#(upset) twentyfour hours ?
well twentytwo i am sorry i kept you waiting so long#(breaking down) oh marge i am gonna die i am gonna die
now a little death anxiety is normal you can expect to go through five stages the first is denial#no way because i am not dying
the second is anger#(growing angry) why you little 
and after that comes fear#(fearfully) what is after fear ? what is after fear ?
bargaining#doc you gotta get me out of this i will make it worth your while
finally acceptance#well we all gotta go some time
well we all gotta go some time#told ya now come on you are gonna learn how to shave
mr simpson your progress astounds me ii should leave you two alone perhaps this pamphlet will be helpful#(reading) "so you are going to die "
int bedroom  night)#hello marge ? hello ? i am the one who is dying not you
i am sorry homer have you thought about what you want to tell the kids ?#nothing it will just upset them i want my last hours of family life to be happy ones
(murmurs in agreement) well have you decided what you want to do tomorrow ?#almost
almost#i am not done yet marge what is that word you use for when you and i you know
when we are intimate ?#(writing) be intimate with marge
(murmurs) can i just make one suggestion ? can we get up early and watch the sunrise together ?#(writing on list) ah watch the sunrise
(writing on list) ah watch the sunrise#till six am my dearest darling and my last day on earth
till six am my dearest darling and my last day on earth#eleventhirty oh that is just great
int kitchen)#(mouth full) marge why did you let me sleep so late ?
you looked so peaceful lying there#(mouth full) there'll be plenty of time for that i have got tons of important stuff to do
(mouth full) there'll be plenty of time for that i have got tons of important stuff to do#(calling) bart bart
int bart's room)#have mantoman with bart
have mantoman with bart#come here boy
oh man#nooo i just want to have a hearttoheart talk
oh#you know bart after me you are the man around the house and that means you are gonna have to help out with 
(rapid fire protest) oh come on i do plenty around here lisa never lifts a finger why do not you go yell at her ?#shut up bart this is good stuff i want to share something with you  the three little sentences that will get you through life number one "cover for me" number two "oh good idea boss" number three "it was like that when i got here"
hey this is good stuff#and finally the little spot under your nose next we take some toilet paper tear off some teensy little squares and stick one there and there and any place you are bleeding there and there do not worry the blood will hold it right on your face now some aftershave
and finally the little spot under your nose next we take some toilet paper tear off some teensy little squares and stick one there and there and any place you are bleeding there and there do not worry the blood will hold it right on your face now some aftershave#(screams) ah ooh arg son of a   ah (then his normal voice) and that is how we shave
(screams) ah ooh arg son of a   ah (then his normal voice) and that is how we shave#oh (annoyed grunt) why you little 
it was like that when i got here#(touched) oh that is my boy
(touched) oh that is my boy#listen to lisa play her sax
hi dad want me to cut out this infernal racket ?#no let me hear you play
(confused) why ?#(getting angry) does a father have to explain ? let's just share your gift okay ?
(getting angry) does a father have to explain ? let's just share your gift okay ?#yeah that is more like it (joins in) "oh i want to be in that rumba / when the saints go over there over there over there"
simpson what a pleasant surprise we were just pulling taffy#gee the fun never stops at the flanders house does it ?
nosirreebob#hey flanders could i borrow your camcorder ?
okeydokel hey why do not you and your family come over for a barbecue tomorrow ?#no thanks
oh are you sure ? we got that new propane beauty just sittin' in the back yard#no i do not wanta
oh it is crying out to cook up some good eatin'#(annoyed) flanders i said i did not  (realizing) tomorrow ? sure what the hey (coyly) i'd love to come to your barbecue (chuckles) i will even bring the thickest juiciest tbones you have ever seen
ext flanders door)#hehheh the joke's on him i will be dead by then
int simpson living room  through camcorder)#i am sorry officer i know i was going too fast just give me a ticket
i beg your pardon ?#(to camera) this is a videotape for my daughter maggie hi maggie i am speaking to you from beyond the grave (like a ghost) oooooooh (laughs then) hope that did not scare you well you are a grownup now and unless you have taped over this you are probably wondering what kind of man your father was he was a simple man a kind man a gentle man who loved his children and
(to camera) this is a videotape for my daughter maggie hi maggie i am speaking to you from beyond the grave (like a ghost) oooooooh (laughs then) hope that did not scare you well you are a grownup now and unless you have taped over this you are probably wondering what kind of man your father was he was a simple man a kind man a gentle man who loved his children and#(into phone) hello ? yeah he is here who is this ? bart's friend milhouse (yelling) bart get your butt down here
ext old folks home)#dad 
huh ? oh it is you what do you want ?#dad we have never been too close have we ?
not to my knowledge#never went fishing or played catch or even hugged each other
we never danced the hoochykoo either what is your point ?#(choked up) i just want you to know that i love you dad
(confused) you do ?#huh uh
(getting misty) oh son i love you too hey how about a hug ?#dad
sonny boy#papa
junior#my old man well i gotta go
oh son no we have got a lotta catchin' up to do what do you say we go fishin' ?#well gee dad if i wasn't on such a tight schedule
well gee dad if i wasn't on such a tight schedule#well i  oh let's get some worms
well i  oh let's get some worms#well no time for that
well no time for that#oh i really wanted to do that one
oh i really wanted to do that one#gee dad way to hog my last moments
(calling) i love you son#(grumbling) yeah yeah the old guy's a little lovestarved
int car)#get moving you hunk of junk i gotta make up for lost time
get moving you hunk of junk i gotta make up for lost time#(annoyed grunt)
whoa well that sounded like an order#i pay my taxes and they pay your salary so when i say "give me a ticket" just give me a ticket
int jail  cell)#that is sorta nice what are you in for ?
(to homer) okay flash you get one phone call#(to himself) wait i can not call marge it is our last day on earth together i can not drag her into this mess i know i will call barney
int jail  conference room)#damn those novelty telephone answering machine tapes
int barney's apartment)#(into phone annoyed) thanks a lot barney i just wasted my one phone call on your stupid ma
(into phone) what ? i am home i am home hi homer#(into phone) you gotta help me barney i am in jail
(into phone) hiya neighbor i can see you#(into phone) ju jujust get over here and bring fifty bucks for bail
(distraught) you are dyin' and you weren't even gonna stop at moe's for a last beer with your buddies ?#hey barney look it was on my list along with a lot of other things i did not get to do today (takes out list) (looks up) hey my boss
ringadingding sir#hey burns eat my shorts
int barney's car)#wow of all the luck to think i almost died without telling the boss to eat my shorts
int moe's tavern)#i gotta call marge
oh wait a minute (into phone) listen you little scumsucking pusbucket when i get my hands on you i am gonna pull out your eyeballs with a corkscrew#(sadly) oh it was busy moe another last beer please
(sadly) oh it was busy moe another last beer please#(sniffles) guys keep it down i got some last words i never told you this before but sometimes when i am at work i think of you and smile so often i think that  oh words will not do it (to moe) i love you moe
please not in public#i love you barney
oh how european (burps)#(screams) come on barney i gotta get home (on the run)
int barney's car)#(anxious) faster barney faster
i am twirling as fast as i can#oh i can not wait any longer (calls out) hold on marge i am comin' home baby
(agitated) oh where can he be ?#marge marge
homer#(rushed) there is no time to explain
(rushed) there is no time to explain#(kissing each one as he runs past) love you love you love you
i wrote a poem for you this afternoon homer it is called "to a husband"#okay okay
ahem (reading) "the blackened clouds are forming "#oh gimme a break marge
(reading) " soon the rain will fall / my dear one is departing/ but first please heed this call / that always will i love you / my one my love my all"#(touched) that was beautiful
(touched) that was beautiful#goodbye maggie  stay as sweet as you are
goodbye maggie  stay as sweet as you are#goodbye lisa  i know you will make me proud
goodbye lisa  i know you will make me proud#goodbye bart  i like your sheets
goodbye bart  i like your sheets#(reading) "the good book"
(reading) "the good book"#(reading) "  on tape "
(reading) "  on tape "#(reading) "oooo as read by larry king"
his drool it is warm (it sinks in) he is alive homer homer wake up you are alive#all right stop it cut it out
wake up you are alive you are alive#what are you talking about ?
you are alive#i am alive i am alive and i could not be happier (laughing) from this day forward i vow to live life to its fullest
int simpson house  living room)#do you two have to sit so close to the tv ? back up or it will hurt your eyes
oh it will not#oh yes it will
(screams)#(chuckles) that makes two of us
my mother real mature i am sick of your#i love watching the bald guy argue with the fat tub of lard
dad do something#all right all right time for dr tv to perform a little surgery
looks like you lost the patient doc#shut up boy cheap chinese tvs why did i every buy is that better ?
(alarmed) no#how is this ?
(scream)#(nervously) okay just everybody remain calm
hey everybody if you look real close you can kinda make 'em out#hey yeah yeah i think i can
i think this is sick they are staring at a dot#she is right she is right
she is right she is right#(breaks down crying) oh how i miss tv dear god just give me one channel
you lie#bart
well miss bouvier i think we found the reason why you have been throwing up in the morning (venturing) congratulations#(extremely annoyed grunt)
int car  continuous)#ugh gross ecch
ugh gross ecch#(singing) "some people call me a space cowboy / yeah / some call me the gangster of love / some people call me maurice woo woo / 'cause i speak of the puppets oh of love"
hey homer you are late for english#(dismissive sound) english who needs that ? i am never going to england come on let's go smoke
oh no we are late for wood shop#but we are early for lunch let's go grab a burger
boy you never stop eatin' and you do not gain a pound#eh it is my metabmobolism i guess i am just one of the lucky ones
(depressed) oooh shot down again#hey do not worry barney it is a big school there is gotta be a girl nobody else wants to take to the prom
hey who is that ?#(love at first sight) i i do not know
hey would you like to go to the#(hisses) she is mine
int springfield high school  detention hall  day)#(to marge) so what are you in for ?
i am a political prisoner (to herself) last time i ever take a stand#well i am here for being me every day i show up act like me and they slap me in here
simpson be quiet#(to marge) i have not seen you in school before
okay simpson#what ?
int simpson car)#(to marge) maybe we should get together some time
i am sorry i do not even know your name#i am homer
three days#j
four days#simpson
five days#it was worth it
it was a jailhouse romance man#i'd reached step one she knew i existed the only problem was she did not care
what is the matter boy ?#nothing
you have not said boo all night and usually i have to wrestle the bucket out of your greasy mitts#dad i am in love
uhoh why do not you grab yourself a beer boy#but dad i do not drink
now this girlfriend of yours is she a real looker ?#uhhuh
a lot on the ball ?#oh yeah
ohhh son do not overreach go for the dented car the deadend job the less attractive girl ohh i blame myself i should have had this talk a long time ago#thanks pop
int guidance counselor's office)#hi i am homer simpson i need some guidance counselor
good lord simpson you should have come to see me a long time ago#well yeah maybe but i just met this girl marge bouvier and i want to force her to like me
(chuckles) that is not exactly the type of guidance i give#(moans) oh
well i like to think i do something helpful for every student n through z the only advice i can give you is try to share a common interest and spend spend spend#well what interest does she have that i could make common ?
oh i believe she is very active on the forensics team they meet in the new building room twonineteen#far out
homer do you have any plans for after graduation ?#me ? i am gonna drink a lot of beer and stay out all night
int springfield high school  hallway  continuous)#(to himself) me in a nuclear power plant (chuckles) kaboom (chuckles)
well thank you artie#(to mrs bloominstein) my name's homer simpson i'd like to sign up for something
well we have an opening on the debate team#debate ? like arguing ?
yes#i will take that you stinkpot just warming up mrs bloominstein
the national speed limit should be lowered to fiftyfive miles per hour"#fiftyfive that is ridiculous sure they will save a few lives but millions will be late
int homer's house  bedroom)#(writing) no way
our current speed limit is an anachronism the fatuity#ignoramus
will you shut up ?#wait a minute that word you keep calling me 
ignoramus ?#ignoramus it means i am stupid does not it ?
there is a difference between ignorance and stupidity#not to me there is not
homer#you ignoramus
you are the ignoramus#no you
homer would you like to present your rebuttal ?#(through gritted teeth) with pleasure
ext springfield high school  track field  next day)#(cheerfully) hello
hello#oh you may not remember me i am homer simpson i mooned for rebuttal
yes i remember#so you wanna go out with me ?
well i do not think you are my type#well a you see the problem is you do not know me i have references just ask coach flanagan and ask mr seckofsky and barney gumbel
hmm i do not know#look i am not asking you to like me i am not asking you to put yourself in a position where i can touch your goodies i am just asking you to be fair
well put#well what is the good word ?
i am sorry#what ?
what ?#i am a spare excuse me
well you seem like a nice enough guy but i really do not have the time#what ?
and the city forensics championship is coming up#yeah so
oh and ii tutor part time#you tutor ?
yes#and anyone can be tooted ?
just those who need help with french#(slyly) french what a coincidence just the subject i am having trouble with
great story (hits tv) positively spellbinding (hits tv) work damn you work#bart pay attention you may be telling this to your own son one day if something breaks
int homer's house  bathroom  night)#(to himself) ooh lost a few oh well there is plenty more where that came from (noticing) uhoh a zit no problemo (humming)
(to himself) ooh lost a few oh well there is plenty more where that came from (noticing) uhoh a zit no problemo (humming)#the perfect crime
the perfect crime#hel  lo
why is there makeout music on ?#it helps me study hehhehheh
well not me shut it off and let's get down to business#crayon
bien#fenetre
bien#(dreamily) femme
tres bien well i should probably be going i have a big forensics meet tomorrow#oh wait (stuttering) do not go do not go wait wait  why do not we take a little study break ?
oh wait (stuttering) do not go do not go wait wait  why do not we take a little study break ?#(sing) "do the hustle"
homer you are amazing before you could not say bon jour but now you can conjugate all the regular verbs two irregular verbs and sing the first verse of "allouette"#(singing) allouette jaunte allouette / allouette jaunte
yes thousands of them#i can not believe it it is sticking you are telling me new stuff and minutes later it is still there and it is all thanks to you marge when i see you forming the vowels and continents 
(correcting) consonants# consonants with your beautiful mouth and your beautiful breath pushing them past your beautiful teeth
(giggles) merci i guess#marge would you go to the prom with me ?
you know homer you are like no one i have ever met before you are dear and honest and open without a trace of pretension#i will take that as a compliment so will you go out with me ? (beat) please say oui
oui#ohhh oh marge this'll be the greatest night of your life i have been saving up for a new engine for my car but i am gonna spend it all on us i am renting the biggest limo i am gonna buy you the biggest corsage my tux is gonna have the widest lapels the most ruffles and the highest platform shoes you ever saw
maybe i will wear my hair up#wait wait wait marge if honest and open is what you like get a load of this i am not really in any french class this was just a brilliant scheme to get to know you better
wait wait wait marge if honest and open is what you like get a load of this i am not really in any french class this was just a brilliant scheme to get to know you better#ow
(cool anger) you knew the city forensics finals are tomorrow and you kept me here until one am pretending to be stupid homer j simpson i hate you#(into phone) hey barney guess whose got a date for the prom ?
ext marge's house  night)#is marge here ?
who or what are you ?#i am her date
mmhmm i suppose you want to come in and sit down#oh okay
you know i usually insist on approving marge's dates but from what she is told me i am sure you are a solid citizen#thanks mr b
what are you doing here ?#you said you would go to the prom with me
i also said i hated you and we have not even talked since then#i was afraid you would cancel our date so i stayed away from you completely even though it meant skipping school for three weeks and graduating this summer i hope
hey buddy where is your date ?#she is with him
ouch so i guess you want me to take you home ?#hey i paid for this car i paid for this tuxedo and i paid for the two dinners we are going to the prom
homer simpson i thought you dropped out#you wish dondelinger
steak or chicken ?#one of each please
comin' through#barney
(into microphone) children we have tabulated your votes the king and queen of springfield high school's class of 1974 are  (dramatic pause) artie ziff and marge bouvier#oh is not she great ? hail queen marge woo woo long live the queen
(whispering to marge) why do birds suddenly appear ? every time you are near#i gotta get outta here
homer ?#what ?
would not you eventually get used to it like in a hot tub ?#because i am sure we were meant to be together usually when i have a thought there is a lot of other thoughts in there something says yes something says no but this time there is only yes how could the only thing i have ever been sure about in my life be wrong ? (sobbing)
well where to now romeo ?#inspiration point
well it is one o'clock if you want to keep me i am afraid it is gonna be fortyfive dollars an hour#naw that is okay i am broke i will walk home
ext road  night)#shut up i am over as far as i can go
shut up i am over as far as i can go#all right all right i will walk in the mud
homer#marge ?
yeah you want a ride ?#sure
you know homer when i got home i realized who i should have gone to the prom with#who ? oh
my prom date#marge pour vous
why so glum ?#i have got a problem once you stop this car i am gonna hug you and kiss you and then i will never be able to let you go
int simpson house  living room)#and i never have
that is the most dishonest thing i have ever heard#(waking up) huh ?
hey you easy now get off my property off#hey flanders who put that bug up your butt ?
ohhh i wanted to subscribe to that new arts and crafts channel well sir they send over this flimflam man to install it and do you know what he did ? he offered to hook me up illegally to every cable channel for only fifty bucks#(shaking head) boy what is this world coming to ?
you know that is exactly what i #gotta go
gotta go#(whoof) hey stop cable man stop
what do you want ?#(shaking the cable guy's collar) i want free cable
int simpson living room  later)#so this is okay i mean everybody does it right ?
what ? oh hey if you are having second thoughts just read this pamphlet#(reading title) "so you have decided to steal cable"
uhhuh#(reading) "myth cable piracy is wrong fact cable companies are big faceless corporations which makes it okay" (chuckles)
cable companies are big faceless corporations which makes it okay" (chuckles)#cable it is more wonderful than i dared hope
(from tv) do not you hate it when you go to the bathroom and there is no toilet paper ?#(howls) it is funny 'cause it is true
(howls) it is funny 'cause it is true#oh hey hey family family come here i have an announcement to make the simpsons have cable
cable ? / us ? / wow / we have cable#that is right sixtyeight channels mtv for the kids (to marge) vh1 for us sixteen hundred hours of quality programming every day
homer we talked about cable before do you really think we can afford it ?#(chuckles) nothing a month ? yeah i think we can swing that
(unsure murmurs) are you sure this is legal ?#do not worry marge take a look at this
most movies shown on cable get two stars or less and are repeated ad nauseam" hmm well i do not know#marge 
marge #"hear me roar  the network for women"
(thru tv) el mummeo le pone en el "sleeper hold" donde esta los medicos de mexico ?#oooo pro wrestling from mexico you know down there it is a real sport
(thru tv matteroffact) mr speaker if i could call your attention to the retroactive subsidy appropriations override bill i refer you to page four thousand five hundred and#they must think people will watch anything
are not you ready for church homer ?#huh wha' ? oh okay
now today's christian does not think he needs god he thinks he is got it made he is got his hifi his boob tube and his instant pizza pie#(licking his chops) oooh pizza
hell#bart
well that is what we learned about i sure as hell can not tell you we learned about hell unless i say hell can i ?#the lad has a point
dad are you sure this is not stealing ?#read the pamphlet honey
read the pamphlet honey#oh goody a programlength advertisements
beats the hell out of me#bart
dad why is the world such a cesspool of corruption ?#(to himself) oh great (to lisa) all right what makes you say that ?
well at sunday school we learned that stealing is a sin#well duh
but everybody does it i mean we are stealing cable as we speak#oh hm look at it this way when you had breakfast this morning did you pay for it ?
no#and did you pay for those clothes you are wearing ?
no i did not#well run for the hills ma barker before i call the feds
dad i think that is pretty spurious#well thank you honey
friday night live from las vegas the ultimate matchup the bout to knock the other guy out#whooo
it is watsontatum ii this time it is for money#oh boy
only on the blockbuster channel#how can one little insulated wire bring so much happiness ?
not too shabby whadda you say homer ?#(coyly) we could do that hmm yeah or we could go over to my house and watch the whole thing live on cable tv
(coyly) we could do that hmm yeah or we could go over to my house and watch the whole thing live on cable tv#pass the pumice please
so homer i hear you got the fight#yeah that is right eight o'clock my place come one come all
ooh somebody's having a party#yeah friday night you want to come over ?
thank you but this store is open twentyfour hours it puts great demands on my time#oh too bad it is gonna be a great fight
(wideeyed) aye carumba#bart
blue chips closed up three and three quarters oil service stocks slumped slightly on news of opec's continuing stalemate at their meeting in geneva switzerland#son you should not watch that other channel it is only for mommies and daddies who love each other very much i want you to promise me you will not watch that channel ever again
okay#promise me
i promise i will never watch that channel again#good boy
hi dad i think stealing cable is wrong so i am choosing not to watch it in the hope that others will follow my example it is the last you will hear from me on the matter thank you for your time#hey lisa  (changing channels) racing from belmont ? horsies
sorry i'd rather go to heaven#there is something wrong with that kid she is so moral why can not she be more like well not like bart but there is gotta be a happy medium
well you know bart was looking at that racy movie today and lisa's losing a little respect for you maybe we should think about unhooking the cable#unhook it ? but i love cable
well then maybe you should pay for it#look look marge i can not afford it when i can afford to pay for it i will but i can not so i am not going to
but homer i am afraid that cable has become an evil presence in our home#marge i never put my foot down about anything
no#but i am severely tempted to do it over this
oh homer#marge i am sorry i think it is coming down
no homer not over this no no#it is coming down my foot is that is it marge it is coming down the cable stays the foot has spoken
(annoyed murmur)#(yawns) seen it (clicks remote) seen it (clicks remote) seen it (clicks remote) seen it ugh soccer (clicks remote) seen it
hey simpson#huh ? hey how'd you get in here ?
well your door wasn't locked in any serious way i wonder if you would be interested in this car stereo ? a five hundred dollar value but i will let you have it for forty bucks#get out of my house i do not wanna associate with criminals
well maybe i will go see your neighbor#he is not home
are you sure you want to do this homer ? it does not look friendly#marge we can not be too careful there are thieves everywhere and i am not talking about the small forgivable stuff
it is a raid#(sputtering) huh ? what the ? i know you  come back here
(sputtering) huh ? what the ? i know you  come back here#bart you promised me you would not watch that trash now go to your room
(under his breath) man i wish i was an adult so i could break the rules#oh great
thank you barney (to homer) how many people are coming homer ?#just a select circle of my friends
oh hello mrs homer i have brought an assortment of jerkies#oh didja swipe those from work ?
hey homer i brought ya#quick it is moe i gotta hide the mugs
hey#all right will you hey go protest outside will ya now
hey homer i brought you a mug#(overenthusiastic) oooh thank you moe i always wanted one of these
(overenthusiastic) oooh thank you moe i always wanted one of these#mr burns bart quick hide the stuff i "borrowed" from work
mr burns bart quick hide the stuff i "borrowed" from work#all right the stuff i stole from work
oh okay#now c'mon take all this and this put it in the closet
now c'mon take all this and this put it in the closet#(to lisa) will you quit staring at me like that
we were just in the neighborhood and thought we'd drop by#(stepping in) ugh ah hello mr burns would you like to watch the fight ?
the fight ? do not mind if i do oh simpson good news  i brought some munchies smithers  the cheetos#(shrieks)
are you homer simpson ?#yeah
word on the street is that you have an illegal cable hookup#(sputtering) no no i it wasn't me it was it was my wife's my wife's idea yeah yeah i would never
we were whoa we were just wondering if we could watch the fight ?#oh sure sure be my guest
for five years i was i was incarcerated away from my family and the mothers of my children the conditions were irrevocable#oh no
oh no#(screaming) marge lisa maggie
shake hands keep it clean#(panicked) come on boy
(panicked) come on boy#excuse me i hate to interrupt your judging me but i wanted you to know i have made a couple of really important decisions number one i am cutting the cable as soon as the fight's over and number two i am not very fond of any of you
(happily) dad we may have saved your soul#(annoyed grunt) yeah at the worst possible time
everyone to my place for blueberry squishees and microwave burritos#the greatest fight ever and i missed it
oh hogwash why i once watched gentleman jim corbett fight an eskimo fellow bareknuckled for a hundred and thirteen rounds back then of course if a fight lasted less than fifty rounds we demanded our nickel back#cable clippers please
dad i beg you to reconsider tractor pulls atlanta braves baseball joe franklin#oops
oops#third time's the charm
(over phone) hey homer it is barney did i wake you ?#(groggy garbled sleep talk)
(over phone) all i wanted to tell you about was this new barbecue joint#(excited) ooh barbecue
int simpson house  bedroom  continuous)#(over phone) this is like some beautiful dream
one and two and three and reach and five and six and seven#marge honey i have got five words to say to you (he counts on fingers) greasy joe's bottomless barbq (moving to next hand) pit
(hopeful) see me again tomorrow ?#marge i am only human now look here's what we are gonna do we will unload the kids on patty and selma saturday night and then we will eat until they kick us out of the place just like old times
(crossing to the phone) saturday night ? i am not even sure my sisters will be available#(muttering) i will take that bet
patty selma we are home#i will tell you one thing greasy joe is sorry he ever saw the likes of me
marge i need to speak with you alone#(into phone) oh and that sauce barney i could have drunk a bowl of it by itself (off snoring) no barney that is just my sisterinlaw
homer ? do you remember our last family vacation when you made us go to the bowler's hall of fame in st louis missouri so you could see that car shaped like a giant bowling pin ?#(fondly) remember ? who could forget ?
then you will also remember that you owe me a favor#(groans)
to be called up whenever and for whatever reason i desire#but that was just an idle promise
not to me#(groan)
i want you to find a husband for my sister selma#find a husband ? which one's selma again ?
she is the one who likes police academy movies and hummel figurines and walking through the park on clear autumn days#oh yeah yeah yeah but i thought she did not like to be you know touched
it is patty who chose the life of celibacy selma simply had celibacy thrust upon her#(whining) but marge
homer you will find her a man#all right
and not just any man#okay
he should be honest and caring and well off and handsome#hey why should she have a better husband than you do ?
int nuclear power plant  day)#must find man must find man must find man
must find man must find man must find man#boy a good man really is hard to find
int kwikemart  afternoon)#one seafood burrito apu
i am loathe to interrupt your meditation but the time has come for money to change hands#(head down) sorry
int springfield elementary  skinner's office  day)#(wearily) what is it this time ?
i am afraid this time the victims are the innocent blades of grass on groundskeeper willie's awardwinning play field if it is all right with you bart will repay his debt to society through backbreaking physical labor resodding the field manually seed by seed#but enough about bart tell me principal skinner are you married ?
only to my job#but if you weren't married to your job you would tend to go for a girl right ?
(chuckling) well of course these pants come off at night just like everyone else's but tell me why all the questions ?#(covering) oh no reason really i was just wondering if you know you would like to come over to my house for dinner a payback for all the crummy things bart has done to your school
(rubbing chin) well a homecooked meal would be a nice change of pace i'd be delighted#(tenting fingers) excellent
(moaning) i ah muh be still my foolish heart#(sotto) heh heh heh here we go boy meets beast (clearing throat) principal skinner allow me to introduce you to my wife's lovely and available sister selma
(gruff to homer) hey baldilocks i am patty#wha ?
(savoring) patty#(annoyed grunt)
well do not worry there are still plenty of fish in the sea (threatening) right homer ?#oh yes plenty of fish (under breath) we just do not have any bait
lighten up homer you are making happy hour bitterly ironic#ah moe i have gotta find a date for my big fat snotty sisterinlaw selma
i am intrigued what does this selma look like ?#(hopeful) like my wife's ugly sister
homer my sister is not going out with barney gumbel#hey selma's no prize pig herself you know
(miserable) thanks kid you made my day#(pleading) but' nothing marge she is a heifer plain and simple
(pleading) but' nothing marge she is a heifer plain and simple#oh there is the little prom queen now
int patty and selma's apartment  living room  night)#(overly enthusiastic) is that selma ? ringadingding
it is time to give away my love like so much cheap wine#take it to the hoop selma
int simpson house  dining room  dinner time)# and thank you most of all for nuclear power which is yet to cause a single proven fatality at least in this country amen
is too#quiet you kids if i hear one more word bart does not get to watch cartoons and lisa does not get to go to college
daad#not one word
not one word#i thought i said knock it off
ext kwikemart  day)#well no pantamamime either
(concerned) it is the hospital#(gasps) the hospital ? (into phone) y'ello (listens) oh my god
(gently) pull your chair closer my son#(gently) what is it da 
pu not that close ish homer that heart attack made me realize that i am going to die someday#(condescending) oh dad you and your imagination
there is something i think you should know homer you have a halfbrother#a halfbrother ?
(noticing) what are you blubbering about ?#(teary) this makes me feel special dad since i am the one you kept that must mean you really love me
hmmm interesting theory#i am going to find my brother i do not care what it takes if i have to move heaven and earth i am going to find him
so any idea where this bastard lives ?#bart
well his parents are not married are they ? it is the correct word is not it ?#i guess he is got us there
bart#bart
ext street  next morning)#twen fortyeight this is it
twen fortyeight this is it#(calling) excuse me is this an orphanage ?
ooo you are a little late pal they tore down the orphanage thirty odd years ago#(despairing) thirty years i will never find him i am doomed to walk through this life alone (wails) oh brother where art thou ? (sobs)
take it easy buddy they moved across the street#(sheepish) oh hee hee sorry
i myself have spent years searching for my longlost twin brother #(interrupting) yeah yeah yeah well i wish i could help you but we are looking for my brother today can you tell me his name ?
(consulting file) hmmm according to our records a mr and mrs powell adopted your brother and named him herbert#herbert herbert powell great where can i find him ?
i am sorry i am not allowed to release that information#oh please please this is my life we are talking about here please
well i do sympathize with your situation mr simpson after all your brother could be anywhere (meaningfully) even detroit#i know he could be anywhere that is why i want you to narrow it down please
you know mr simpson if you ask me the city of brotherly love is not philadelphia it is detroit#well if you ask me changing the subject makes you the most worthless heartless excuse for a human being i ever
read between the lines you fool#oh oh i get it (takes out wallet) okay here's twenty bucks now will you tell me where my brother lives ?
mr simpson i do not want your #just take it and tell me
(giving up) detroit he lives in detroit#fine thank you
int simpson house  living room  day)#let's see powell powell powell (reading) pomerant poole popkin potter quigley quimby randolph whoops too far (gasps) here it is powell
any luck homie ?#no i have called all three herbert powells in detroit nothing
well you want to try that h powell ?#h of course that could stand for herbert it is a long shot but
(into phone) y'ello#(into phone) hello is this h powell of detroit michigan ?
(into phone) yeah#(into phone) by any chance does the h stand for herbert ?
(into phone) yeah#woo woo the h stands for herbert herb were you adopted ?
(into phone a little shaken) yeah#(into phone) from the shelbyville orphanage ?
(into phone more shaken) how did you know that ?#(into phone) because (breaking down in tears)  i am your baby brother homer
(into phone) because (breaking down in tears)  i am your baby brother homer#(into phone) hello ? hello ? hello ? stupid phone
hey hey knock it off i am here i was just silent because of the emotion involved#(into phone) oh sorry
(into phone) homer i think we need to get together#(into phone) okay brother grab the next plane to springfield we got a couch that folds out
(monotone) are we there yet ? are we there yet ? are we there yet ? (continues)#(overlapping) just a little further just a little further just a little further (screaming) just a little further
bart lisa if you do not behave we will turn this car right around and go home#(panicking) but marge i want to see my brother
oh for god's sakes homer it is an empty threat#oh
oh#(annoyed grunt)
(to homer) did you know you were going (deferential) oh sorry sir i did not know it was you#(to cop) that is okay carry on (to marge) see the way i handled that marge ?
(to cop) that is okay carry on (to marge) see the way i handled that marge ?#what does it look like ?
ext road  day)#(annoyed grunt)
ext powell estate  front gate)#marge this can not be the right address
marge this can not be the right address#hello in there
homer ?#herb ?
homer homer welcome to my home brother#holy moly the bastard's rich
ext mansion  establishing  a little later)#herb allow me to introduce my family this is my wife marge
thank you# and our three children bart lisa and maggie
(aside to homer) all born in wedlock ?#(aside to herb) yeah though the boy was a close call
oh i am afraid i would not know how#what is to know ? just dive in catch
god that newbaby smell homer you are the richest man i know#i feel the same about you
while you are here i want you to make yourselves right at home anytime you are hungry anytime day or night cook will make you anything you want#even pork chops ?
absolutely we have a tennis court a swimming pool a screening room #(interrupting) you mean if i want pork chops  even in the middle of the night  your guy'll fry 'em up ?
we do not have a big one#(interrupting) waiwaiwait wait wait let me see if i got this straight it is christmas day four am there is a rumble in my stomach
polo#will you kids shut up ?
(to marge & homer) watch me dive watch me dive watch me dive#(not paying attention) okay we are watching
ohh oh got him#(quietly into phone) hello cook ? sorry to bother you so late but i got a hankerin' for some that is right do not forget the apple sauce
(indicating cars) okay homer pick out any one you want#are you sure you want to give me a car ?
hey you know what these things cost me ? there is maybe forty bucks worth of steel in them#oh okay i'd like a big one then
dook on#why not ?
because americans do not want big cars#well then give me one with lots of pep
(to homer) homer tell the nice man what country you come from#america
do you hear that you morons ? this is why we are getting killed in the marketplace instead of listening to what people want you are telling 'em what they want homer i need your help#you do
yeah i want you to help me design a car a car for all the homer simpsons out there and i want to pay you two hundred thousand dollars a year#and i want to let you
homer meet my team of engineers they are gonna build your car#hi'ya team
so what kind of car would you like mr simpson ?#(shrugs) i dunno
int powell motors  research lab  day)#what is that ?
the onboard computer#all right wooo what is that doohickey ?
mr simpson your brother told you to help us with this car now did not he ?#oh yeah he did
(very condescending) hmmm hmmm then why do not you get us some coffee#(sadly) oh okay
batting nine unky herbbbb#ugh oh boy
hey homer how is your car coming ?#oh fine we are putting in an onboard somethingorother and rackandpeanut steering
homer#huh ?
you did not ask for rack and pinion steering did you ?#uh yeah i think i did
how could you ask for it ? you do not even know what it is you just called it rack and peanut steering#uh may i be excused please ?
no homer do you know why i gave you this job ?#because you think i am a genius ?
nah i do not think you are a genius#because you think i am dynamic ?
i do not think you are dynamic#you think i work well with others ?
no no no no no no no homer i gave you this job because you are an average schmoo#(dejected) oh great
all you need is a little selfconfidence#(pleading) ah unky herb i do not know anything about cars
upupup listen to me here's what you do from now on before you say anything say to yourself "if i was ever sure of anything i am sure of this" do you understand ?#(meekly) sort of
homer#what ?
answer me again with selfconfidence#(bellowing) sort of
now go get 'em (shouts)#all right you eggheads i want a place in this car to put my drink
sir the car has a beverage holder#hello ? hello einstein ? i said a place to put my drink you know those super slakers they sell at the kwikemart ? (making a big circle with hands) the cup is this big
(cowed) extremely large beverage holder#and i am not done yet you know that little ball you put on the aerial so you can find your car in a parking lot ? that should be on every car
(writing) little ball#and some things are so snazzy they never go out of style like tail fins and bubble domes and shag carpeting
int powell motors  research lab  day)#i want a horn here here and here you can never find a horn when you are mad and they should all play "la cucaracha"
int simpson house  living room)#and sometimes the kids are in the back seat they are hollering they are making you nuts there is got to be something you can do about that
maybe a builtin video game would keep them entertained ?#you are fired what is my brother paying you for ?
(trembling) what about a separate sound proof bubble dome for the kids ? with optional restraints and nuzzles#bullseye and another thing when i gun the motor i want people to think the world is coming to an end vroom vroom vroom
now this is spoiling them#no no no no no
ladies and gentlemen esteemed stockholders members of the press your holiness tonight we are going to witness automotive history#(trying to sound smooth) all my life i have searched for a car that feels a certain way
(singing) homer gets#powerful like a gorilla yet soft and yielding like a nerf ball now at last i have found it
bye herb#gee herb because of me you lost your business your home and all your possessions i can not help but think that maybe you would have been better off if i'd never come into your life
maybe i would have been better off ? maybe ? why you spongehead of course i'd have been better off as far as i am concerned i have no brother#ooo
i am here now where is that millionaire chipofftheoldblock i call sonnyboy ?#(sadly) get in dad i will explain on the way home
dad ?#what is it boy ?
i thought your car was really cool#thanks boy i was waiting for someone to say that
ext simpson house  establishing  dawn)#no no no bad dog let go bad santa's little helper stop it no not the sports section no
no no no bad dog let go bad santa's little helper stop it no not the sports section no#stupid dog
stupid dog#no stay away this is not for you this is homer food
ohhh my you are burning up and your cheeks are so swollen (gasps) i think you have the mumps i am calling doctor hibbert#(singsong) marge the dog is hungry
(singsong) well then feed him#(sarcastic) yes master
(sarcastic) yes master#(annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  living room  a little later)#(into phone) y'ello
(into phone) simpson ? this is sylvia winfield that canine of yours is in my pool again i am calling the dog warden right now#(into phone) oh are you ? well you go ahead and call your precious dog warden you old battleax because my dog is tied up in the backyard
(into phone) there is only one family on this block no on earth inconsiderate enough to let a monster like that roam free#(into phone) are you losing your hearing or are you just stupid ? i am going to explain this to you one more time and then i am going to hang up on you (as if to a very dimwitted child) it is not my dog i tied my dog outside myself i am looking at him right  (annoyed grunt)
ext street  a little later)#hey lenny i need to leave early cover for me will ya ?
well howdalydo simpson ? gettin' a little exercise eh ? good for you pal (to dog) oh look at this old rascal he is a wet old baby boy is not he ? is not he ? (baby talk) you are just a water monster#well well mr universe takes a walk haw haw
(chuckles) mr universe i wish#look at that getup heavy hands ankle weights that is cute and (gasps) assassins
oh you betcha you know they got velcro straps a water pump in the tongue builtin pedometer reflective sidewalls and little vanity license plates#oooh oooh how much ? how much ? how much ?
well you know they are not givin' 'em away but sometimes you have just got to spoil yourself#(sadly) yeah
int nuclear power plant  afternoon)#(into phone) y'ello hi lisa what is wrong ? (listening) the mumps ? oooh the kissing disease (chuckling) my little girl is growing up
int nuclear power plant  continuous)#(chuckles on phone) so what does my little girl want ? what ? let me write this down (writing) copies of "teen dream teen scream and teen steam magazine" well okay you are the sickie goodbye lisa
int springfield mall  early evening)#oh man two dollars uh i will take these three (off his look) they are for my daughter
sure they are#(gasps) assassins
(gasps) assassins#(gasps) oh a hundred and twentyfive bucks
sometimes you gotta spoil yourself spoil yourself spoil yourself#but i can not afford to
(thunderously) simpson i order you to buy those shoes#okay flanders you are the boss heh heh heh
(annoyed grunt)#here's your magazines how many of these guys are named corey ?
(awed) whoa assassins#yep hee hee read 'em and weep
(awed) they better be for a hundred and twentyfive big ones#(annoyed grunt)
(gasps) a hundred and twentyfive dollars#bart
homer#(annoyed grunt)
i thought we agreed to consult each other before any major purchases#well you bought all those smoke alarms and we have not had a single fire
as an actor my eyeballs need to look their whitest#(shrieks)
(shrieks)#nooooooooooooooooooooo
int simply shoes  afternoon)#i have changed my mind i decided i do not want these shoes
hey wait a minute what happened here ?#well my faithful dog was bringing me my shoes and they fell apart in his mouth
ext simpy shoes  continuous)#(gasp) big cookie
aloha#well aloha
would you like a free sample ?#the price is right
the price is right#mmmm macamadamia nuts
if you would like to buy some they are only a dollar each#oh so that is your little plan get us addicted then jack up the price (beat) well you win
int simpson house  kitchen  early evening)#(reading) "property of homer j simpson hands off"
my quilt six generations gone (cries)#(calmly) now marge honey honey honey come on come on do not get upset it is not the end of the world we all loved that quilt but you can not get too attached to
(calmly) now marge honey honey honey come on come on do not get upset it is not the end of the world we all loved that quilt but you can not get too attached to#(screams) no my cookie
(screams) no my cookie#this is not happening this is not happening
this is not happening this is not happening#everybody in the kitchen we are having a family meeting
we never had a family meeting before#we never had a problem with a family member we can give away before
homer what are you saying ?#i am saying
no way you can not give my dog away i will set fire to my hair i will rip up all my clothes i will put sugar in the gas tank#bart
no i am afraid i agree with your father#you do ? (taunting) ha ha ha ha ha
all right all right if santa's little helper studies real hard and passes his finals and becomes a perfect dog can we keep him then ?#no
dad this is our pet we can question his integrity and disposition but we can not question his heart are you trying to teach us that the way to solve a problem with something you love is to throw it away ?#(sobbing) oh lisa if they are ever going to pull the plug on me i want you in my corner honey
homer can not we place this ad after the dog fails his test ?#no we have to commit ourselves now take this down "free to loving home world's most brilliant dog says 'i love you' on command"
(annoyed murmur)#type type
int simpson house  living room  evening)#(into phone) oh no we'd never give him away but we are moving to another country where dogs are forbidden (pause) hear what ? oh sure c'mere boy put that prowler down come here come on boy (pants into phone) say it boy say "i love you" for the nice man (trying to sound like a groaning dog) i lub you (in his own voice) good dog good doggie is not that amazing ? see you soon (hangs up) woooo wooo
oh he'd be very happy at my farm you know people think only mules can pull carts impatient people think that but patient people know better#uh you can pick him up tomorrow
ext retirement home  day)#dad the next time we see you we will do something more fun
huh uh he smells more like a photo lab#stop it both of you grampa smells like a regular old man which is more like a hallway in a hospital
homer that is terrible we should be teaching the children to treasure the elderly you know we will be old someday#my god you are right marge you kids would not put me in a home like i did to my dad would you ?
well#(scream) marge what do we do ?
well i think we better set an example#(brightening) absolutely our third sunday of every month should be a pleasure not a chore where is some place fun we can take grampa next time ?
to the pony rides#no
boring#he can not ride ponies
well i always enjoy the glass blower at old springfield towne#oh we saw that
(mumbles) the museum of barnyard oddities#no bart no
that is gross#i got it the springfield mystery spot
int grampa's room  day)#dad it is the third sunday of the month you know what that means
go away#oh come on dad i promise we will have more fun this time we are gonna see lions
i can not go it is my girlfriend bea's birthday#(disbelieving) oh you have a girlfriend heh heh heh
(disbelieving) oh you have a girlfriend heh heh heh#well happy birthday bea (chuckling) (to grampa) she can come with us hey (indicating empty room) there is room for all your friends in the car
no she is not invisible you idiot (showing gift) see it is her birthday tonight#yeah right
yeah right#(angrily) hey you kids stop kicking the seat
it seems that most of the animals are sleeping#(angry with them) well let 'em sleep on their own time
homer are you sure this is the right way ? the road seems to have gotten awfully bumpy#(scream)
homer ?#bart get out and push
i can tell she really cared for me she did not make me a pall bearer#i can not tell you how sorry i am dad
is someone talking to me ? i did not hear anything#(upset) oh no dad's lost his hearing
tata mr simpson by the way old timer i do wills why do not i just give you this pen with my phone number on it it looks just like a cigar is not that something#(thru phone) yello
(into phone) hello homer ?#(thru phone) whoohoo it is dad dad's on the phone he is calling me
(thru phone) whoohoo it is dad dad's on the phone he is calling me#oh dad oh i knew you would forgive me
i have not forgiven you i just inherited a hundred and six thousand dollars and i just had to tell you that you are not getting one thin dime heh heh#(annoyed grunt)
int simpson house  living room  evening)#i miss my daddy
grampa#huh ?
huh ?#dad
is there room at your table for a foolish old man ?#well sure we will have to move a chair in from the den but it is no problem (calling) bart
all my precious sacks of gold#(burp)
could not buy me the pleasures of a simple family meal#pass the bug juice dad
give it to us grampa#bart forgive him dad he is just a stupid little kid who says the first thing that pops into his head (then) but you know there is wisdom in his innocence
you do not want it#yes i do
int retirement home  lobby  day)#miss i am looking for abe simpson
huh uh#it is important i get a hold of him i have to tell him i do not care about his money and i love him
he left this morning with the senior casino junket#casino ? (shrieks)
ext highway  day)#a double cheese burger onion rings large strawberry shake and for god's sakes hurry
great put it on number twenty#excuse me excuse me have you seen an old man with a lot of money ? he looks like me but he is wrinkled ? hello have you seen a
excuse me excuse me have you seen an old man with a lot of money ? he looks like me but he is wrinkled ? hello have you seen a#dad noooooooooo
twenty black#holy moly you are winning
beat it boy you are crampin' my style#dad please you gotta quit while you are ahead you understand that take all your money and leave now
sorry boy i have to get enough to help everybody#but you could lose everything come on
"if you can make one heap of all your winnings and risk it on one turn of pitch and toss and lose and start again at your beginnings and never breathe a word about your loss yours is the earth and everything that is in it and  which is more  you will be a man my son"#you will be a bonehead come on
okay put it all on thirtysix i have got a feeling about that number#dad no gimme that
get your clammy paws off my money#gimme me that money ow you are hurting me
ext plato's republic  a little later)#so have you figured out who gets the money ?
me too#if i take you will you two shut up and quit bugging me ?
will you take us to mt splashmore ?#yes
homer that suit does not leave much to the imagination#heads up kids i am moving the seat back
int mt splashmore  day)#all right everybody stick together we do not want to get separated
all right everybody stick together we do not want to get separated#(annoyed grunt)
no maggie stay in the shallow end#(mouth full) the hell with this
(mouth full) the hell with this#(loudly) slide inspector comin' through please move to the right grab that handrail young man outta my way i am here for your safety
(blood curdling scream)#(mouth full blood curdling scream)
(being crushed) bitchin'#oh no (straining) urg arrrgh c'mon you stupid tube
roger#oh noooooo
oh noooooo#i can not breathe too many children
and now on the lighter side of the news and i use the term loosely (chuckles) #(annoyed grunt)
(angrily) now kent you know that question is out of bounds this interview is over#all right family i want the truth do not pull any punches am i just a little bit overweight ?
all right family i want the truth do not pull any punches am i just a little bit overweight ?#(impatient) well am i ?
forgive us dad but it takes time to properly sugarcoat a response#four hundred and thirtyseven (confused) fiftyfive oh my god three hundred and hey a hundred and fifty (short screams) oh god it is two hundred and sixty pounds i am a big fat pig
now homer you do have big bones#marge no one gains thirty pounds of bone
marge no one gains thirty pounds of bone#but i am going on a diet from this day forward i pledge there will be no pork chop too succulent no donut too tasty no pizza too laden with delicious toppings to prevent me from reaching my scientifically determined ideal weight as god is my witness i will always be hungry again
but i am going on a diet from this day forward i pledge there will be no pork chop too succulent no donut too tasty no pizza too laden with delicious toppings to prevent me from reaching my scientifically determined ideal weight as god is my witness i will always be hungry again#oh shut up
oh shut up#this old attic's kinda spooky is not it boy (scared) i said is not it boy ?
this old attic's kinda spooky is not it boy (scared) i said is not it boy ?#(recovering) do not you ever do that to me again
okay#(annoyed grunt) bart
(annoyed grunt) bart#get away from that thing and help me find my athletic equipment
hey homer i found your weights#ooh the glutimus maximizer
hey who is the moptop with the big schnozz ?#do not you know anything boy ? that is ringo starr
do not you know anything boy ? that is ringo starr#your mother must have painted this (puzzled) (worried) i guess she thought he was cute hey what the
your mother must have painted this (puzzled) (worried) i guess she thought he was cute hey what the#(calls angrily) marge
oh homer do not be jealous i was a schoolgirl the beatles were very popular and i had a crush on them#(grumbling) likely story
(grumbling) likely story#oh why did i have to start my diet on pork chop night ?
now homer we have got steamed vegetables and rice cakes for you#(shudders)
(shudders)#well wait a minute (confused) hey i have been setting my drinks on these things
now they are only thirtyfive calories apiece#(takes a bite) hello ? hello ? hello taste where are you ?
you can put a little something on top for flavor#hey hey now you are talkin'
i think it is a very nice idea do not you homer ?#do i have to do anything ?
no#great fine go nuts
great fine go nuts#mmm only thirtyfive calories
the heavy hands do not work unless you move homer#i can not move boy
lincoln lincoln i been thinkin' what the hell have you been drinkin' ? / is it water is it wine ? / oh my god it is turpentine / faster faster#(grunts repeatedly)
yay mom#wooooo i am a work of art "last supper" eat your heart out
shut up#woo woo two forty nine yeah
int simpson house  kitchen  morning)#marge marge look at me my clothes are just hanging off me
you look mahvelous#(teary) what a family
now you paint#honey i am home
oh there is an original sentiment#(shrieks)
(to homer) i am painting his portrait homer#(falsely cheery) oh is not that wonderful my work and my home life come together in such a nice way (low) marge may i see you in the other room ?
(falsely cheery) oh is not that wonderful my work and my home life come together in such a nice way (low) marge may i see you in the other room ?#honey he is nuts he thinks he is handsome please make him look handsome please please please please
now homer do not worry all i need to do is find mr burns' inner beauty#(moans)
mr burns she is just a baby#all right all right who took the funny pages ?
(murmurs angrily)#all right scale you do not like me and i do not like you but i have been very good so you better treat me right
all right scale you do not like me and i do not like you but i have been very good so you better treat me right#all right woo woo woo woo
all right woo woo woo woo#marge i am twothirtynine and i am feeling fine look i am using the original notches that came with my belt
let me get this straight you are pleased with your current appearance ? (laughs) ah why my good man you are the fattest thing i have ever seen and i have been on safari#(sniffling) if you need me i will be in the refrigerator
homer what are you doing ?#no burns is right what is the use ?
do not you listen to him he is just a mean little sob#(annoyed grunt) marge
i thought there was some good in everybody until i met him#yeah well just so long as you paint a nice picture of him by noon tomorrow
i do not think i can#(nervous) what ? marge you have to
i can not make that man beautiful i am just not good enough i guess i am no artist#hello what is this ?
hello what is this ?#it is for you marge from merry old england
(sighs dreamily)#come on marge paint i think you can do it
(to marge) yesterday he read us "charlotte's web" and cried at the end never trying to hide his tears#a book made him cry boo hoo hoo
int simpson house  living room)#wow you made the front page
(dismissing) aw dad it is just a popularity contest#just a popularity contest ? excuse me what is more important than popularity ? now bart do you really think you can win ?
sure why not ?#woo woo all right i always knew you had personality the doctors said it was hyperactivity but i knew better (savoring) president simpson has a nice ring to it does not it boy ?
(warming to it) hm yeah#now go get 'em
hmmm lisa needs to go to the museum tomorrow and i think you should take her#the museum
hmmm huh#tomorrow ugh oh marge i'd love to but i was planning on sleeping eating a big sandwich watching tv spending some time with the boy spending time with the boy the boy needs attention marge
(mock concern) me too mom i think they are drifting apart#shut up boy
homer please#marge you do not understand i can not do it because you are trapped if you were smarter you might think of something but you are not so you just might as well all right all right i will take her (to himself) lousy brain
int museum  admission area  day)#hey what do you mean by "suggested donation" ?
pay any amount you wish sir#and what if i "wish" to pay zero ?
then it is up to you#oooh so i                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                not worry all i need to do is find mr burns' inner beauty#(moans)
mr burns she is just a baby#all right all right who took the funny pages   ?
(murmurs angrily)#all right scale you do not like me and i do not like you but i have been very good so you better treat me right
all right scale you do not like me and i do not like you but i have been very good so you better treat me right#all right woo woo woo woo
all right woo woo woo woo#marge i am twothirtynine and i am feeling fine look i am using the original notches that came with my belt
let me get this straight you are pleased with your current appearance   ? (laughs) ah why my good man you are the fattest thing i have ever seen and i have been on safari#(sniffling) if you need me i will be in the refrigerator
homer what are you doing   ?#no burns is right what is the use   ?
do not you listen to him he is just a mean little sob#(annoyed grunt) marge
i thought there was some good in everybody until i met him#yeah well just so long as you paint a nice picture of him by noon tomorrow
i do not think i can#(nervous) what   ? marge you have to
i can not make that man beautiful i am just not good enough i guess i am no artist#hello what is this   ?
hello what is this   ?#it is for you marge from merry old england
(sighs dreamily)#come on marge paint i think you can do it
(to marge) yesterday he read us "charlotte's web" and cried at the end never trying to hide his tears#a book made him cry boo hoo hoo
int simpson house  living room)#wow you made the front page
(dismissing) aw dad it is just a popularity contest#just a popularity contest   ? excuse me what is more important than popularity   ? now bart do you really think you can win   ?
sure why not   ?#woo woo all right i always knew you had personality the doctors said it 
well i thought we would start with pronunciation if that is okay with you#not the hacking and gagging and spitting part  please
not the hacking and gagging and spitting part  please#okay then how about we try out some french cuisine  saturday  night
you are asking me out  that is so cute t/Users/user/Desktop/desktop/Lectures/second_semester/VeryDeepLearning/VeryDeepLearning/chatBot/data/QandAsmall.txthat is your name again#forget it
gosh if only we could find kat a boyfriend#let me see what i can do
c'esc ma tete this is my head#right  see  you are ready for the quiz
that is because it is such a nice one#forget french
how is our little find the wench a date plan progressing#well there's someone i think might be 
you have my word  as a gentleman#you are sweet
how do you get your hair to look like that#eber's deep conditioner every two days and i never ever use a blowdryer without the diffuser attachment
sure have#i really really really wanna go but i cannot  not unless my sister goes
i really really really wanna go but i cannot  not unless my sister goes#i am working on it but she does not seem to be going for him
so that is the kind of guy she likes pretty ones#who knows  all i have ever heard her say is that she would dip before dating a guy that smokes
you know chastity#i believe we share an art instructor
i looked for you back at the party but you always seemed to be occupied#i was
i was#you never wanted to go out with 'me did you
well no#then that is all you had to say
do you listen to this crap#what crap
what crap#me  this endless blonde babble i am like boring myself
me  this endless blonde babble i am like boring myself#thank god  if i had to hear one more story about your coiffure
i figured you would get to the good stuff eventually#what good stuff
what good stuff#the real you
the real you#like my fear of wearing pastels
she okay#i hope so
they do to#they do not
is he oily or dry#combination  i do not know  i thought he would be different  more of a gentleman
i have to be home in twenty minutes#i do not have to be home until two
you think you ' re the only sophomore at the prom#i did
queen harry#it is a gay cruise line but i will be like wearing a uniform and stuff
hey sweet cheeks#hi joey
hi joey#you are concentrating awfully hard considering it is gym class
listen i want to talk to you about the prom#you know the deal  i can ' t go if kat does not go 
where have you been#nowhere hi daddy
i have the potential to smack the crap out of you if you do not get out of my way#can you at least start wearing a bra
oh my god does this mean you are becoming normal#it means that gigglepuss is playing at club skunk and we are going
what do you think#i think you are a freak  i think you do this to torture me  and i think you suck
you are ruining my life'  because you will not be normal i cannot be normal#that is normal
that is normal#bogey lowensteings party is normal but you are too busy listening to bitches who need prozac to know that
cannot you forget for just one night that you are completely wretched#at least i am not a clouted fen sucked hedgepig
like i am supposed to know what that even means#it is shakespeare  maybe you have heard of him
you are so completely unbalanced#can we go now
bianca i need to talk to you  i need to tell you #i really do not think i need any social advice from you right now
listen i know you hate having to sit home because i am not susie high school#like you care
he was like a total babe#but you hate joey
but you hate joey#now i do  back then was a different story
now i do  back then was a different story#as in
he said everyone was doing it  so i did it#you did what
why did not you tell me#i wanted to let you make up your own mind about him
that is not#i am not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes
i am not stupid enough to repeat your mistakes#i guess i thought i was protecting you
not all experiences are good bianca you cannot always trust the people you want to#i guess i will never know will i
you looked beautiful last night you know#so did you
let go#you set me up
you set me up#i just wanted 
i just wanted #what to completely damage me  to send me to therapy forever what
what to completely damage me  to send me to therapy forever what#no i just wanted
is that woman a complete fruitloop or is it just me#it is just you
now do not get upset daddy but there's this boy and i think he might ask#no you are not dating until your sister starts dating  end of discussion
no you are not dating until your sister starts dating  end of discussion#what if she never starts dating
what if she never starts dating#then neither will you  and i will get to sleep at night
then neither will you  and i will get to sleep at night#but it is not fair  she is a mutant daddy
but she does not want to date#exactly my point
daddy i #and where are you going
and where are you going#if you must know we were attempting to go to a small study group of friends
if you must know we were attempting to go to a small study group of friends#otherwise known as an orgy
daddy people expect me to be there#if kat's not going you are not going
oh god  it is starting#it is just a party daddy
wear the belly before you go#daddy no
daddy no#just for a minute
daddy i want to discuss the prom with you it is tomorrow night #the prom  kat has a date
the prom  kat has a date#no but
no but#it is that hot rod joey right that ' s who you want me to bend my rules for
it is that hot rod joey right that ' s who you want me to bend my rules for#he is not a hot rod  whatever that is
he is not a hot rod  whatever that is#you are not going unless your sister goes  end of story
i am missing something#i have a date daddy  and he ' s not a captain of oppression like some men we know
always a pleasure brucie#did not have you pegged for a gigglepuss fan  are not they a little too preteen bellybutton ring for you
did not have you pegged for a gigglepuss fan  are not they a little too preteen bellybutton ring for you#fan of a fan  you see a couple of minors come in
padua girls  one tall decent body the other one kinda short and undersexed#just sent 'em through
you the new guy#so they tell me
so they tell me#c'mon  i am supposed to give you the tour
so  which dakota you from#north actually  how would you   
north actually  how would you   #i was kidding people actually live there
i was kidding people actually live there#yeah  a couple  we are outnumbered by the cows though
yeah  a couple  we are outnumbered by the cows though#how many people were in your old school
get out#how many people go here
how many people go here#couple thousand most of them evil
that i am used to#yeah but these guys have never seen a horse  they just jack off to clint eastwood
that girl  i #you burn you pine you perish
you burn you pine you perish#who is she
who is she#bianca stratford  sophomore do not even think about it
bianca stratford  sophomore do not even think about it#why not
you know french#sure do  my mom's from canada
sure do  my mom's from canada#guess who just signed up for a tutor
guess who just signed up for a tutor#you mean i would get a chance to talk to her
you mean i would get a chance to talk to her#you could consecrate with her my friend
yeah just a minor encounter with the shrew#that is her  bianca's sister
that is her  bianca's sister#the mewling rampalian wretch herself
i teach her french get to know her dazzle her with charm and she falls in love with me#unlikely but even so she still cannot go out with you  so that is the point
what about him#you wanna go out with him
what makes you think he will do it#he seems like he thrives on danger
forget his reputation  do you think we have got a plan or not#did she actually say she would go out with you
did she actually say she would go out with you#that is what i just said
i thought you hated those people#hey  i have gotta have a few clients when i get to wall street
this is it  a golden opportunity patrick can ask katarina to the party#in that case we will need to make it a schoolwide blow out
in that case we will need to make it a schoolwide blow out#will bogey get bent
will bogey get bent#are you kidding  he will piss himself with joy  he is the ultimate kiss ass
number one  she hates smokers#it is a lung cancer issue
it is a lung cancer issue#her favorite uncle
her favorite uncle#dead at fortyone
he is pretty#okay  i was not sure
assail your ears for one night#it is her favorite band
you told me that part already#hell i have just been going over the whole thing in my head and 
buttholus extremus  but hey you are making progress#no i ' m not
you humiliated the woman sacrifice yourself on the altar of dignity and even the score#best case scenario you are back on the payroll for awhile
and he means that strictly in a non prisonmovie type of way#yeah  we will see
what have you got for me#i have retrieved certain pieces of information on miss katarina stratford i think you will find helpful
gigglepuss is playing there tomorrow night#do not make me do it man
cameron i am a little busy#it is off the whole thing
what  are you talking about#she is partial to joey not me
what would you do to her#i don ' t know  i decided not to nail her when she was too drunk to remember it
she hates you with the fire of a thousand suns   that is a direct quote#she just needs time to cool off i will give it a day
you making any headway#she kissed me
that is the worst#you get the girl
the vintage look is over kat have not you been reading your sassy#yeah and i noticed the only part of you featured in your big kmart spread was your elbow  tough break
yeah and i noticed the only part of you featured in your big kmart spread was your elbow  tough break#they are running the rest of me next month
hey  do you mind#not at all
leave my sister alone#and why would i do that
two legs nice rack#yeah whatever  i want you to go out with her
yeah whatever  i want you to go out with her#sure sparky  i will get right on it
sure sparky  i will get right on it#you just said
you just said#you need money to take a girl out
you need money to take a girl out#but you would go out with her if you had the cake
you got it verona  i pick up the tab you do the honors#you are gonna pay me to take out some girl
i cannot take a girl like that out on twenty bucks#fine thirty
take it or leave it  this is not a negotiation#fifty and you have got your man
when i shell out fifty i expect results#i am on it
i am on it#watching the bitch trash my car does not count as a date
watching the bitch trash my car does not count as a date#i got her under control she just acts crazed in public to keep up the image
a hundred bucks a date#forget it
forget it#forget her sister then
it is about time#a deal's a deal
how would you do it#do what
do what#get her to act like a human
i do not know dorsey the limothe flowers  another hundred for the tux #enough with the barbie ng ken shit i know
are you lost#nope  just came by to chat
nope  just came by to chat#we do not chat
we do not chat#well actually i thought i would run an idea by you  you know just to see if you are interested
well actually i thought i would run an idea by you  you know just to see if you are interested#we are not
i hear you are helping verona#uh  yeah  we are old friend*
uh  yeah  we are old friend*#you and verona
you and verona#what  we took bathes together when we were kids
you better not fuck this up  i am heavily invested#hey  it is all for the higher good right
who's that#patrick verona   random skid
patrick verona   random skid#that is pat verona the one who was gone for a year i heard he was doing porn movies
that is pat verona the one who was gone for a year i heard he was doing porn movies#i am sure he is completely incapable of doing anything that interesting
i am sure he is completely incapable of doing anything that interesting#he always look so
he always look so#block e
mandella eat  starving yourself is a very slow way to die#just a little
that is this#an attempted slit
the people at this school are so incredibly foul#you could always go with me  i am sure william has some friends
william would never have gone to a state school#william did not even go to high school
william did not even go to high school#that is never been proven
that is never been proven#neither has his heterosexuality
i appreciate your efforts toward a speedy death but i am consuming  do you mind#does it matter
does it matter#if i was bianca it would be any school you want precious  do not forget your tiara
you think this will work#no fear
what would he say#who cares
you went to the party  i thought we were officially opposed to suburban social activity#i did not have a choice
i did not have a choice#you did not have a choice  where is kat and what have you done with her
you did not have a choice  where is kat and what have you done with her#i did bianca a favor and it backfired
i did bianca a favor and it backfired#you did not
you did not#i got drunk  i puked  i got rejected it was big fun
can you even imagine  who the hell would go to this a bastion of commercial excess#well i guess we are not since we do not have dates 
well i guess we are not since we do not have dates #listen to you  you sound like betty all pissed off because archie is taking veronica
listen to you  you sound like betty all pissed off because archie is taking veronica#okay okay we will not go  it is not like i have a dress anyway
okay okay we will not go  it is not like i have a dress anyway#you ' re looking at this from the wrong perspective  we are making a statement
you ' re looking at this from the wrong perspective  we are making a statement#oh good  something new and different for us
william  he asked me to meet him here#oh honey  tell me we have not' progressed to fullon hallucinations
i mean woman  how ya doing#sweating like a pig actually  and yourself
sweating like a pig actually  and yourself#there's a way to get a guy's attention
there's a way to get a guy's attention#my mission in life
pick you up friday then#oh right  friday
the night i take you to places you have never been before  and back#like where  the 7eleven on burnside do you even know my name screwboy
like where  the 7eleven on burnside do you even know my name screwboy#i know a lot more than that
you hate me do not you#i do not really think you warrant that strong an emotion
i do not really think you warrant that strong an emotion#then say you will spend dollar night at the track with me
then say you will spend dollar night at the track with me#and why would i do that
and why would i do that#come on  the ponies the flat beer you with money in your eyes me with my hand on your ass
come on  the ponies the flat beer you with money in your eyes me with my hand on your ass#you  covered in my vomit
are you following me#i was in the laundromat i saw your car thought i would say hi
you are not a big talker are you#depends on the topic my fenders do not really whip me into a verbal frenzy
excuse me#that is what you want is not it
that is what you want is not it#do you mind  you are sort of ruining it for me
you know these guys are no bikini kill or the raincoats but they are right up there#you know who the raincoats are
you know who the raincoats are#why do not you
that is this#i am getting trashed man is not that what you are supposed to do at a party
i am getting trashed man is not that what you are supposed to do at a party#i say do what you wanna do
i say do what you wanna do#funny you are the only one
you are not okay#i just need to lie down for awhile
i just need to lie down for awhile#uh uh you lie down and you will go to sleep
uh uh you lie down and you will go to sleep#i know just let me sleep
this is so patronizing#leave it to you to use big words when you are shitfaced
leave it to you to use big words when you are shitfaced#why  are you doing this
why  are you doing this#i told you
i told you#you do not care if i die
you do not care if i die#sure i do
because then i would have to start taking out girls who like me#like you could find one
like you could find one#see that  who needs affection when i have got blind hatred
see that  who needs affection when i have got blind hatred#just let me sit down
i thought you were above all that#you know what they say
and i am in control of it#but it is gigglepuss  i know you like them  i saw you there
no you were not#then why would you ask
then why would you ask#why would you lie
i should do this#do what
start a band#my father would not approve of that that
my father would not approve of that that#you do not strike me as the type that would ask permission
oh so now you think you know me#i am getting there
so what ' s up with your dad  he a pain in the ass#he just wants me to be someone i am not
excuse me have you seen the feminine mystique  i lost my copy#what are you doing here
what are you doing here#i heard there was a poetry reading
i heard there was a poetry reading#you  are so 
unwelcome  i guess someone still has her panties in a twist#do not for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties
do not for one minute think that you had any effect whatsoever on my panties#so what did i have an effect on 
so what did i have an effect on #other than my upchuck reflex nothing
he left  i sprung the dickhead and he cruised on me#look up sunshine
i guess i never told you i am afraid of heights#c'mon  it is not that bad
c'mon  it is not that bad#try looking at it from this angle
put your right foot there #forget it  i am staying
forget it  i am staying#you want me to climb up and show you how to get down
the partridge family#i figured it had to be something ridiculous to win your respect  and piss you off
i figured it had to be something ridiculous to win your respect  and piss you off#good call
good call#so how would you get chapin to look the other way
so how would you get chapin to look the other way#i dazzled him with my wit
a soft side who knew#yeah well do not let it get out
yeah well do not let it get out#so that is your excuse
so that is your excuse#acting the way we do
so if you disappoint them from the start you are covered#something like that
something like that#then you screwed up
tell me something true#i hate peas
i hate peas#no  something real  something no one else knows
no  something real  something no one else knows#you are sweet  and sexy  and completely hot for me
no one else knows#you are amazingly selfassured has anyone ever told you that
you are amazingly selfassured has anyone ever told you that#go to the prom with me
is that a request or a command#you know what i mean
no what#no i will not go with you
no i will not go with you#why not
why not#because i do not want to it is a stupid tradition
create a little drama  start a new rumor  what#so i have to have a motive to be with you
so i have to have a motive to be with you#you tell me
you tell me#you need therapy  has anyone ever told you that
you need therapy  has anyone ever told you that#answer the question patrick
answer the question patrick#nothing  there's nothing in it for me just the pleasure of your company
how would you get a tux at the last minute#it is scurvy's  his date got convicted where would you get the dress
it is scurvy's  his date got convicted where would you get the dress#it is just something i had  you know
it is just something i had  you know#oh huh
oh huh#look i am   sorry  that i questioned your motives  i was wrong
that ' s completely adorable#it gets worse  you still have your freshman yearbook
wait i#you were paid to take me out  by  the one person i truly hate  i knew it was a setup
you were paid to take me out  by  the one person i truly hate  i knew it was a setup#it was not like that
it was not like that#really  what was it like  a down payment now then a bonus for sleeping with me
really  what was it like  a down payment now then a bonus for sleeping with me#i did not care about the money
a fender strat you bought this#i thought you could use it when you start your band
besides i had some extra cash some asshole paid me to take out a really great girl#is that right
is that right#yeah but then i fucked up i fell for her
why is my veggie burger the only burnt object on this grill#because i like to torture you
because i like to torture you#oh bianca  can you get me my freshman yearbook
oh bianca  can you get me my freshman yearbook#don ' t you even dare  
i know#i thought we decided you were going to school here  at u of 0
i thought we decided you were going to school here  at u of 0#you decided
my insurance does not cover pms#then tell them i had a seizure
then tell them i had a seizure#is this about sarah lawrence you punishing me
is this about sarah lawrence you punishing me#i thought you were punishing me
i thought you were punishing me#why cannot we agree on this
why cannot we agree on this#because you are making decisions for me
because you are making decisions for me#as a parent that is my right
as a parent that is my right#so what i want does not matter
was that your sister#yeah  she left with some bikers big ones  full of sperm
i do not understand the allure of dehydrated food  is this something i should be hip to#no daddy
no daddy#so tell me about this dance was it fun
so tell me about this dance was it fun#parts of it
parts of it#which parts
which parts#the part where bianca beat the hell out of some guy
the part where bianca beat the hell out of some guy#bianca did what
bianca did what#that is the matter  upset that i rubbed off on her
that is the matter  upset that i rubbed off on her#no  impressed
when i go#oh christ  do not tell me you have changed your mind  i already sent 'em a check
katarina stratford  my my  you have been terrorizing ms blaise again#expressing my opinion is not a terrorist action
i still maintain that he kicked himself in the balls  i was merely a spectator#the point is kat  people perceive you as somewhat 
am i supposed to feel better like right now  or do i have some time to think about it#just smack her now
cool pictures  you a fan#yeah  i guess
you think#oh yeah
what plan#the situation is my man cameron here has a major jones for bianca stratford
the situation is my man cameron here has a major jones for bianca stratford#what is it with this chick  she have three tits
i think i speak correctly when i say that camerongs love is pure  purer than say  joey dorsey's#dorsey can plow whoever he wants i am just in this for the cash
that is where we can help you  with kat#so dorsey can get the girl
you two are gonna help me tame the wild beast#we are your guys
are you telling me i am a   nonsmoker#just for now
i prefer to think of it simply as an alternative to what the law allows#i am liking you guys better
so you got cozy with she who stings#no  i have got a sweetpaying job that i am about to lose
you were right she is still pissed#sweet love renew thy force
sweet love renew thy force#man  do not say shit like that to  me people can hear you
i missed you#it says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls
it says here you exposed yourself to a group of freshmen girls#it was a bratwurst  i was eating lunch
it was a bratwurst  i was eating lunch#with the teeth of your zipper
i do not understand patrick  you have not done anything asinine this week are you not feeling well#touch of the flu
touch of the flu#i am at a loss then  what should we talk about your year of absence
why do not we discuss your driving need to be a hemorrhoid#that is to discuss
you are completely demented#see you next week
in the microwave#make anyone cry today
that is a synonym for throbbing#sarah lawrence is on the other side of the country
would you rather be ravished by a pirate or a british rear admiral#pirate  no question
what do you wanna watch  we have got crap crap crap or crap#dr ruth
have a great time honey#but  who  what 
what just happened#your daughters went to the prom
your daughters went to the prom#did i have anything to say about it
did i have anything to say about it#absolutely not
absolutely not#that ' s what i thought
i never seen heat like this  not even in las minas#the water's going putrid in the barrels
the water's going putrid in the barrels#you will be drinking your own piss for the glory of spain and admiral colon  bastard
what are you listening to chicken ass#ah leave him alone  he is doing no harm
ah leave him alone  he is doing no harm#with a face like that  i do not want you looking at me  you hear
he is the devil's child#we will all go crazy
we should have seen land#we left three weeks ago alonso cannot be that near
you say asia can be found by sailing west#yes your eminence  the voyage should not take more than six or seven weeks
yes your eminence  the voyage should not take more than six or seven weeks#unfortunately don colon that is precisely where our opinions differ  are you familiar with the work of aristotle  erathostene  ptolemeus
unfortunately don colon that is precisely where our opinions differ  are you familiar with the work of aristotle  erathostene  ptolemeus#i am your eminence
your life and that of others#if they agree to follow me yes
do not you realize your words could be considered heretical#blind faith is what i consider heresy
the state has some reason to be interested in this mangs proposition your eminence#the judgment is ours
it will not be easy to get rid of your prophet now don sanchez#on the contrary your eminence  it seems to me the man is preparing his own cross
you can see for yourself#what a tragedy what a waste of a life
i could be gone for years#i know
i know#i have not given you much of a life
i have not given you much of a life#well that is true  i have a child by a man who will not marry me  who's always leaving
well that is true  i have a child by a man who will not marry me  who's always leaving#are we going to argue
are we going to argue#i would love to argue with you sometimes  but you are never here
perhaps i was never meant to live with a woman#i find that hard to believe
she said yes#thank god
i am not asking you to swear to anything#i do not want you to wait for me
i do not want you to wait for me#that is something you cannot decide
beatrix i want to ask you something#you do not usually ask
you do not usually ask#i can arrange for the queen to take fernando and diego into her service
god you are so beautiful  i cannot believe no other man has ever taken you away from me#they tried but i did not let them
cannot you stay with us a little#i am busy inside
i understand that you will soon be appointing governors for the islands  is it not so#forgive me don bobadilla  those positions have already been taken
forgive me don bobadilla  those positions have already been taken#may i ask by whom
may i ask by whom#bartolome and giacomo colon
don alonso de bobadilla#yes i remember
my letters of appointment#appointment to what
appointment to what#viceroy of the west indies
viceroy of the west indies#congratulations  then i am free to search for the mainland
how could i be  the mainland has been found  exactly as i said it would#i am afraid this is not the worst news
i want to go with you#there will be a time
there will be a time#you promise  do you swear on st christopher
do you swear on all the holy saints in heaven#yes yes i do on all of them
i have to explore the mainland#this time with me
how are you feeling fernando#not bad
what are you listening to#i am not listening father  but i cannot help hearing
what does he say#he asks when he can come to visit you  he left his address
he asks when he can come to visit you  he left his address#he never had one except aboard my ships
i want you to tell me everything you remember father  from the beginning  everything#really  god i would not know where to start and yet
really  god i would not know where to start and yet#tell me the first thing that comes to your mind
i remind you senor colon that you are in no position to bargain with me#i am not bargaining
i am not bargaining#then you are too ambitious
you defend yourself admirably# for a commoner
but we do have a lack of notaries you should contact my administration#don bobadilla is already a judge my dear don cristobal
don bobadilla is already a judge my dear don cristobal#good  we are also in need of judges  except there are no thieves
you seem to have a special talent for making friends#what  do i have so many already
what  do i have so many already#to rise so high in so short a time is a dangerous occupation  a little hypocrisy goes a long way
all i have to do is call the guards#call them
i am not afraid of you  you are nothing but a dreamer#look out of that window
what do you see#roofs towers palaces spires
roofs towers palaces spires#all of them created by people like me
say not here  cuba#what is it  a tribe  an island
what is it  a tribe  an island#island  far
you come  you speak first#tell the chief we thank him
tell the chief we thank him#chief knows
chief knows#tell him his country is very beautiful  tell him we are leaving men here  to build a fort
to bring the word of god#chief says  he has a god
chief says  he has a god# and also to bring medicine
 and also to bring medicine#chief says
chief says#he has medicine  tell him we admire his people
we will work with his people  we want peace  ask the chief if he understands#he understands
he understands#ask him if he will help
you have to find them utapan  look what they did#you did the same to your god
utapan will not you speak to me  you used to know how to speak to me#you never learned how to speak my language
god that is in a week#that is what it says
that is what it says#how did you manage it
how did you manage it#with some difficulty  i had to promise them you were not a total fool
why do you wish to sail west#to open a new route to asia  at the moment there are only two ways of reaching it
how can you be so certain  the ocean is said to be infinite#ignorance  i believe the indies are no more than 750 leagues west of the canary islands
ignorance  i believe the indies are no more than 750 leagues west of the canary islands#how can you be so certain
how can you be so certain#the calculations of toscanelli marin de tyr esdras
the calculations of toscanelli marin de tyr esdras#esdras is a jew
esdras is a jew#so was christ
two minutes and already you are a dead man  do not let passion overwhelm you colon#i will try to remember that marchena
i will try to remember that marchena#father marchena
father marchena#passion is something one cannot control
passion is something one cannot control#you get so carried away when you are being contradicted
you get so carried away when you are being contradicted#i have been contradicted all my life eternity
i have been contradicted all my life eternity#only god knows the meaning of such words my son
you must not give way to despair you must wait#wait  i have waited seven years already  how much longer do you want me to wait
wait  i have waited seven years already  how much longer do you want me to wait#if god intends you to go then you will go
if god intends you to go then you will go#damn god
all of them  just lies#colon  do not
in nomine patris et filius et spiritus sancti#forgive me father  for i have sinned
i am listening my son#father i have betrayed my family i betrayed my men  and i betrayed you
father i have betrayed my family i betrayed my men  and i betrayed you#what are you saying
what are you saying#i lied  the journey will be longer than i said
i lied  the journey will be longer than i said#how long
how long#i am not sure it could be twice the distance
may god forgive you  you must tell them  you must tell your men#if i tell them they will not follow me  you know that i am right father  you trust me
i believed in you#give me absolution
i suppose we are both old men now#you will always be older than me father
i have to disagree#i knew you would
i knew you would#new worlds create new people
new worlds create new people#oh  so you are a new man
the ocean is uncrossable#what did they say about granada before today
what did they say about granada before today#that she was impregnable
i cannot ignore the verdict of my council#surely you can do anything you want
may i speak freely#you show no inclination to speak otherwise
how old are you senor colon#thirty seven your majesty and you
do they have such thoughts#they come and go as naked as the day god created them
thank you#there is one thing i would like to understand why do you want to go back after all this
we lost cousins friends  we will wash this in blood#if you want to keep your head on your shoulders you will do as i say
you want a war  fine  we are a thousand  they outnumber us by ten who will you kill  which tribe#we do not need to know
we cannot raise the wheel without it#my horse does not work
don moxica  we all have to work#you did not hear me don colon  not my horse
due west captain mendez  and may god be with us#god be with us admiral
and what do you think mendez#well i surely know what a quadrant is  but i have never seen it used at night before
well i surely know what a quadrant is  but i have never seen it used at night before#come over here
what do you read#twenty eight
that is he doing#he is drawing an isthmus he is saying we are on an isthmus
he is drawing an isthmus he is saying we are on an isthmus#we cannot be
you lied  you cheated  we are way past 750 leagues#six days ago yes
six days ago yes#you must be mad
you must be mad#we have to keep the hopes of these men alive
we have to keep the hopes of these men alive#we are on the verge of a mutiny colon
we are on the verge of a mutiny colon#you think i do not know that
you think i do not know that#we are lost
we are lost#the land is there  i know it
and then what  half of the water has gone the rest is nearly putrid you know that#jesus maria  i should have never listened to you
jesus maria  i should have never listened to you#you never did  you did all the talking for both of us remember
you never did  you did all the talking for both of us remember#you bloody
you bloody#pinzon pinzon all we can do now is go forward  think about that
pinzon pinzon all we can do now is go forward  think about that#you tell that to them
you tell that to them#you are right  let the men decide
is that the man i knew treasurer sanchez#yes your majesty
you were right don sanchez his demands could never be granted#never your majesty  although
 into a monk#yes  it would be a pity would not it  call him back
 but there is worse  he ordered the execution of five members of the nobility#is this true brother buyl
then what do you suggest don sanchez#he must be replaced
he must be replaced#and who would you think of for such a task
i know i should not tolerate his impertinence#then why
then why#because he is not afraid of me
are you my attorney  i am emil  i am insane#i am not your lawyer until i see the money
i am not your lawyer until i see the money#here  i have your money
oh no  no  shit#emil  take it easy  stay with me  sit down  what do you need  what are you looking for
emil  take it easy  stay with me  sit down  what do you need  what are you looking for#he has the camera  he took the movie
do not say anything#where are we going
where are we going#i am coming with you
i am coming with you#yes  yes come with me
yes  yes come with me#i am invoking rights  this man is represented by counsel  i am coming with him
you bring the cigarettes#oh sure
delusions and paranoia#i was all of these
i was all of these#well you did not appreciate the severity of it until recently  no question about that
well you did not appreciate the severity of it until recently  no question about that#what about oleg
what about oleg#disappeared  they are looking everywhere  maybe he went back to czechoslovakia
disappeared  they are looking everywhere  maybe he went back to czechoslovakia#no he is here  shit
no he is here  shit#do not worry about him  think about yourself
do not worry about him  think about yourself#what about my movie rights  book rights
what about my movie rights  book rights#look i have not really focused on that kind of thing
look i have not really focused on that kind of thing#that is your cut  how much
that is your cut  how much#i would sayhalf  half is fair
i would sayhalf  half is fair#no  no way
no  no way#but it is
this is not about money emil  i need your trust in me#what else do you need
what else do you need#i need to know about your background  i need to know about your upbringing  why you are here
i need to know about your background  i need to know about your upbringing  why you are here#give me another one please
tell me about yourself  what you did as a young boy what your parents were like#my father always degraded me  killed my selfesteem  and my mother was blind
my father always degraded me  killed my selfesteem  and my mother was blind#your mother was blind
your mother was blind#yeah she went blind giving birth to me she went to fucking black market doctor to induce me
yeah she went blind giving birth to me she went to fucking black market doctor to induce me#back in the czech republic
back in the czech republic#yeah yeahbad doctor gave her bad drugs which made her go blind  and my father blamed me for her blindness
yeah yeahbad doctor gave her bad drugs which made her go blind  and my father blamed me for her blindness#your father blamed you for your mother's blindness
your father blamed you for your mother's blindness#yeah he hated me from day when i was born  put it out  can you put the cigarette out
that is what he did to me  he put cigarettes out on me#your father put cigarettes out on you
your father put cigarettes out on you#out on my back when i was a small boy
out on my back when i was a small boy#can i see your back
i am abused  do not you think#i do not think it is abuse i think it is torture
so we kill someone famous and if we are caught we are sent to mental hospital#officers there's your killer do your duty arrest him
alright  that is a justifiable homicide#yes but he was a cop
now i become custody of police department#if you cooperate with the da  maybe they will help you with your situation
if you cooperate with the da  maybe they will help you with your situation#i will if they do not send me back
i will if they do not send me back#they will not until this is over
i cannot take you to my place#somewhere else
the men are out of quarters  practicing putting out fires#sothe station is empty
sothe station is empty#yeah  this way
you considered becoming a prostitute#yes i considered it
yes i considered it#did you ever turn tricks before
so you were never a prostitute#what are you asking me
what are you asking me#i am just trying to find out who you are
i am not a whore  i am not a whore#i know
are you alright#i still cannot believe eddie's gone
i still cannot believe eddie's gone#i am sorry
is he your boyfriend#ludwig  he is gay  are you jealous
ludwig  he is gay  are you jealous#if i was your boyfriend i might be
a good immigration lawyer could stall the process  eddie recommended one#no matter what happensi am glad i met you
no matter what happensi am glad i met you#i am glad i met you
do you have coffee#in the kitchen
in the kitchen#i will make some for us
i will make some for us#i will get my clothes
what are you doing#pouring it out
forget about me  you have enough problems of your own#do you really want me to forget about you
do you really want me to forget about you#i do not want to drag you down with me
i do not want to drag you down with me#daphne i
i told your partner i cannot help  i did not see anything#c'mon start at the beginning  you know these people
c'mon start at the beginning  you know these people#tamina was a friend of mine  my shower was broken she let me use theirs
tamina was a friend of mine  my shower was broken she let me use theirs#go on
whether you tell us or not we will find out  better if it comes from you#if i tell you will you arrest me
if i tell you will you arrest me#arrest you for what  why would we arrest you
are you here illegally  do not worry about that  we will talk to immigration they will not deport you#no no do not talk to immigration
look after jordy briefs me you can do the press conference  how about that the case is all yours#oh yeah  alright
oh yeah  alright#i am ready to be briefed  excuse us
i am ready to be briefed  excuse us#yeah sure  beep me when you are ready for the press conference
who did cause and origin#who do you think chief
who do you think chief#then why did not you talk to the reporter
then why did not you talk to the reporter#'cause we got more important things to do like finding out who did it
ladder 20 was on the rock for training we stopped there so she could get cleaned up#what do you mean 'cleaned up'
what do you mean 'cleaned up'#i let her take a shower
i let her take a shower#a shower  did you take one too
a shower  did you take one too#no  nothing happened
chief  mind if i take her#okay  but not water sports
forgot  you handcuffed a civilian to a tree#chief  i know i screwed up  but this guy was no innocent civilian
chief  i know i screwed up  but this guy was no innocent civilian#well this is gonna end your career and probably mine
well this is gonna end your career and probably mine#end my career
but chief  over this#there's nothing to talk about  get a good lawyer  you are suspended until your trial
yeah right#what was that korfin
what was that korfin#i said yeah you are right chief  as soon as we get something we will let you alert the media
i said yeah you are right chief  as soon as we get something we will let you alert the media#you do that wiseguy  now let's solve this thing before eddie flemming does
did the da videotape her deposition#yeah  he finished awhile ago
coffee for me i gotta slow down#vodka tonic
vodka tonic#maybe you could just put in a shot of martell
tomorrow  at lunch#you ready
that is he looking for#a timer
where is she#taking a bath
taking a bath#any id
any id#still unknown but we are running prints kid over there caught the case
sorrypd only#it is okay
are you hit#no  i am okay
he got my gun  motherfucker was filming the whole time#i know  relax  take it easy  do not worry we will get those fuckers
who's there#police  we would like to ask you a few questions
police  we would like to ask you a few questions#i have nothing to say  if you wanna contact my attorney
i have nothing to say  if you wanna contact my attorney#homicide miss hearn  it is detective eddie flemming  open up
boy she is so popular all the sudden#what are you saying
what are you saying#daphne  another guy came in asking me about her too
he said he was her cousin  i told him where she works  they were just here#describe him
he had a videocamera  where is she quickly#she washes hair up at ludwig's  a salon on 63rd and madison
you know what that is right#no what is it
no what is it#why do not you explain it bobby  hey camello  you mind punching a hole in the floor
it is your crime scene now  you can do what you want#watch the news
watch the news#nah i musta missed it
nah i musta missed it#well just so you know  i gave you guys the credit
well just so you know  i gave you guys the credit#well just so you know i do not care about that stuff
well just so you know i do not care about that stuff#nah why should you
nah why should you#i do not even watch tv
i do not even watch tv#good  good  commendable
did you get a report from the me#sure  but i would like to ask you something  you got a problem with me
sure  but i would like to ask you something  you got a problem with me#if you found me stepping on your crime scene  it might piss you off too  what about the report
maybe you do not care about that either  prettiest suspect i have had in awhile#who says she is a suspect
i will come with you#there was not a fire  there will be nothing for you to do
there was not a fire  there will be nothing for you to do#i can watch you eddie  maybe i will learn something
i can watch you eddie  maybe i will learn something#this is not homicide school
this is not homicide school#my parents are from poland  i can help with the eastern european angle
my parents are from poland  i can help with the eastern european angle#you are polish
you are polish#my folks are
my folks are#stay here
you going to the escort service#you got any better ideas
you got any better ideas#mind if i ride along with you
mind if i ride along with you#this has nothing to do with your fire
this has nothing to do with your fire#but what if it does  you might need my help
i will let you know what happens#this is ridiculous  i am not gonna be in your way  we can talk the case over
two heads#better than one
leon  meet us at 63rd and madison hair salon  ludwig's#i am on my way with eddie  ludwig's 63rd and madison  the suspects might be there already
you thirsty#i am on duty
i am on duty#so am i  alright i will go inside and you cover the back
so am i  alright i will go inside and you cover the back#of course
what are you hiding  why are you afraid#she just saw two of her friends killed they probably threatened her
she just saw two of her friends killed they probably threatened her#is that all there is
why not#something back home
she is fucked  even if that story is true#raw deal
what would your girlfriend think of that#i do not have a girlfriend
i do not have a girlfriend#my point exactly
my point exactly#i am serious here
i am serious here#so am i
so am i#c'mon  you intimidate her 'cause you are a celebrity  she sees me differently
c'mon  you intimidate her 'cause you are a celebrity  she sees me differently#you are her savior  is she the kid you are gonna save from the burning building
you are her savior  is she the kid you are gonna save from the burning building#you know what i am saying here
hey  i am a professional#women like that have a way of turning professionals into amateurs
look eddie i am telling you  i did not touch her#well you shoulda because nobody's gonna believe you did notincluding me
well you shoulda because nobody's gonna believe you did notincluding me#i took her there for a shower and that is it
i took her there for a shower and that is it#just a shower
sowho's nicky#what do you want
what do you want#your opinion  you see they going to make a movie about me too eddie  and write books
your opinion  you see they going to make a movie about me too eddie  and write books#that is your accomplishment
that is your accomplishment#i kill someone famous
i kill someone famous#then do it asshole
then do it asshole#good  be tough to the end  actor who plays you will want to die like hero
so tabloids do not have to do re enactments  they going to have real movie this time#if you kill me and film it you are putting a noose around your neck
detective does it look like a murder#we do not know that yet  it is much too early  there's a lot to be done
we do not know that yet  it is much too early  there's a lot to be done#how many victims are up there
how many victims are up there#there are two bodies found at this point
there are two bodies found at this point#can we go up to the crime scene
can we go up to the crime scene#you know you cannot do that  c'mon
you know you cannot do that  c'mon#is it drug related
is it drug related#we do not know  when i have more i will let you know
detective  can you tell us what happened here#i cannot talk right now  we have some things to take care of
i really cannot give out any information right now at this point#okay  but i do understand that your partner leon jacksongs been injured is that correct
okay  but i do understand that your partner leon jacksongs been injured is that correct#he was hurt but not seriously  he will be fine
he was hurt but not seriously  he will be fine#do you have the suspect in custody
eddie are you okay#yeah  now's not a good time
what is your problem  why would you snap at me  i just wanted a statement#i cannoti cannot answer you just because you want me to answer you
i cannoti cannot answer you just because you want me to answer you#you did not have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues  you could give me something
you did not have to embarrass me in front of my colleagues  you could give me something#oh i am sorry  did i embarrass you sweetheart  oh
oh i am sorry  did i embarrass you sweetheart  oh#stop it
stop it#maybe i should just ya knowturn to the cameras and say do you mind if we just work something out
maybe i should just ya knowturn to the cameras and say do you mind if we just work something out#alright alright eddie  do not patronize me
alright alright eddie  do not patronize me#i am not
yeah well you took the camera and put it right down on the evidence  that was#that was good  you were holding the evidence
that was good  you were holding the evidence#you were merciless  you did not give a shit if you got me or not
you were merciless  you did not give a shit if you got me or not#well who was it that taught me how to do that  huh
well who was it that taught me how to do that  huh#you are ruthless
you are ruthless#you are not so bad yourself
look at this  you have blood on your shirt  whose is it#could be leongs
could be leongs#jesus  and last week you came over with blood on your shoes  what am i going to do with you
do not worry about the damn phone  i will not answer it#answer the phone
answer the phone#no  tell me what you want to say
no  tell me what you want to say#answer it
oh my gd they want me to anchor  they want me to anchor tonight#that is good
well that is great#okay  that is great  but i cannot go now we are in the middle of something here
okay  that is great  but i cannot go now we are in the middle of something here#no  go ahead  you are gonna be great
yeah  i will do that  as long as you are not patronizing me#patronizing you nay i love you
patronizing you nay i love you#i love you
you promise#yeah  i promise
see you later  good luck#thank you
thank you#do not be late
i think you are getting a little moody there eddie#i am not moody
so that is unique#not what  who
that is unique#yeah  and he still went to the party
i hope this prick does not run  my knees are killing me  stay behind me#you are worried for my safety  i am touched
keep them out of my way#okay  you ready
okay  you ready#yeah yeah  jesus
any chance we can do that again#again  i did not wanna do it the first time
okay  you work in a vodka factory  i understand that  and what kind of work do you do#i am butcher
i am butcher#you are a butcher  what do you use pig intestines for
you are a butcher  what do you use pig intestines for#you stuff sausage in it
you stuff sausage in it#and what do you do with the bones
and what do you do with the bones#dog food
are you married#no  are you proposing
come to 45 broadway  do not bring the police  come alone or you will be in my next film#look asshole  i have been threatened by better than you
look asshole  i have been threatened by better than you#no  i am the best that is ever threatened you
no  i am the best that is ever threatened you#i will meet you on one condition  i get exclusivity and you surrender to me
i will meet you on one condition  i get exclusivity and you surrender to me#we will talk about that  four o'clock gives you time to go to bank  three hundred thousand dollars
we will talk about that  four o'clock gives you time to go to bank  three hundred thousand dollars#what  it does not work that way
what  it does not work that way#if you do not want my film  i will call another show  and they will show it
if you do not want my film  i will call another show  and they will show it#wait a minute  wait a minute
wait a minute  wait a minute#come alone  bring cash  and we will talk about surrendering
were you a fireman  that how you knew how to rig the apartment#my father was  he gave me many lessons about fire  now it is my friend
my father was  he gave me many lessons about fire  now it is my friend#tommy take a walk
c'mon  pull the trigger  do it  oh look you are sweating  you do not have the balls#get down on your knees
where is your partner#the sheraton  on broadway  room 210 go get oleg  he will kill you
tell him to put his gun down#let her go  let her go
let her go  let her go#if he does not lower his gun i will fucking kill her
hi i am honey#where is czech girl
where is escort service#that is confidential  could you put the money on the dresser
that is confidential  could you put the money on the dresser#i like to talk to the person who runs the service  can you give me address
give me the address#alright alright  do not hurt me please it is in my book in my purse
next  could i see your documents please#yes sir
what is your intended purpose of your visit to the united states#two weeks holiday
two weeks holiday#how much money are you carrying with you
how much money are you carrying with you#i have fivehundred dollars
i have fivehundred dollars#can you show me  sir no cameras in the fis area
please join us  come on forward#is there a problem
we are both from prague#how long are you planning to stay
how long are you planning to stay#two weeks
two weeks#i would like to speak for himself okay
i would like to speak for himself okay#he does not speak english
who is he#new york's finest  this is his case
this all you want#do you know how much killer gets for movie rights
do you know how much killer gets for movie rights#in here says he wants a million
in here says he wants a million#million  the killer gets one million dollars for a television interview
did you hear what i said#i want to document my trip to america
look  times square  just like in the movies#do not speak russian
do not speak russian#why  why do i always have to speak to you in czech
look  new videocameras  color viewfinder  image stabilization solarization  night vision#we have no money  come on
turn that off  get the bags#why should i carry your bag  i am not a dog
turn that fucking thing off#i am not filming  i am watching milos die  it is just like a move but realer
speak english#you said speak czech
you said speak czech#how you erase this
how you erase this#i will do it  do not hurt my camera
get in the bathroom#whatever we do  we fuck her right
whatever we do  we fuck her right#oleg get in bathroom stay there and shut up
gotta light the scene better  now it is more moody like a scene from the third man#shut up
shut up#does it hurt
oh shit  i hate looking at that#do not want to film this
what is it#the video of milos and tamina  i told you to erase it
the video of milos and tamina  i told you to erase it#i did
i did#and the whore's murder  you did not erase that either did you  do not lie i will not be angry
and the whore's murder  you did not erase that either did you  do not lie i will not be angry#why not
why not#put the camera down oleg
what is that#what does it look like  it is an address book
let me get a shot of it#sit down
sit down#this way  hold it this way  good
in movie they make of us who do you think would act me#the one who got caught in the bathroom  george michael
i am serious#shut up  look
i told you to cut that out before we handed in the tape#be quiet  watch
you got that#no i do not get that
did you hurt her#you know mei never hurt anybody where is the money
we spent it#ha ha
ha ha#look at the way we live  i am a plumber you think i would be working if i had money
i can get you a job#a job
a job#yes the money is good
yes the money is good#as a plumber
as a plumber#it is easy to learn
it is easy to learn#a job  as a plumber  you think i come to america to work
a job  as a plumber  you think i come to america to work#we started over you can too
we started over you can too#you spent all the money while i was in prison  now you tell me to get a job fixing toilets
what are you doing here#you have got a call
viewer discretion advised#you want the tape  there it is
is not he a little moody#of course he is moody  he thinks he is in love
of course he is moody  he thinks he is in love#in love  with who
you outta be ashamed  ashamed of yourself#if i did not put it on somebody else would  i was his friend
if i did not put it on somebody else would  i was his friend#do not give me that fucking shit
i know#what do you mean you know  he told you he was gonna propose to me
what do you mean you know  he told you he was gonna propose to me#well he
well he#i want to hear everything he said
i want to hear everything he said#i am trying to tell you
i am trying to tell you#alright  go ahead
alright  go ahead#that morning  he was talking to me and leon about marriage
yeshe is my friend#okay  you are a czech national and you are a russian national  how do you know one another
i speak english#then answer my questions  where were you planning to stay during the two weeks that you are here
then answer my questions  where were you planning to stay during the two weeks that you are here#new york
new york#yes we are in new york now  but where are you planning to stay in new york
yes we are in new york now  but where are you planning to stay in new york#a cheap hotel
a cheap hotel#what are you coming here to do
what are you coming here to do#i am here for movies
i am here for movies#moviesto be in the movies or to see movies
no  go ahead#thanks  appreciate it
so the way you see it two crack heads burned themselves up#that is what it looks like to me
what was that#evidence  of a homicide
i will take him#no way  he is mine
no way  he is mine#we are taking him  do not argue
we are taking him  do not argue#he is my collar
he is my collar#well he killed my partner
got any spare change  how about a spare twenty#look i do not have time for you get out of my way
look i do not have time for you get out of my way#alright how about all your fucking money
okay you are under arrest  now you happy#fire department  firemen do not carry guns
fire department  firemen do not carry guns#oh yeah  guess again
i will send a cop back for you#hey  c'mon you cannot leave me like this  some freak will come by and stab me
you okay#a dog pissed on me  i am gonna sue you for this  you violated my civil rights
that is that on your forehead max that is a nice attention getter#yeah i am religious  i am not an atheist like you  now are you guys gonna arrest me or not
yeah i am religious  i am not an atheist like you  now are you guys gonna arrest me or not#how did you start the fire this time
how did you start the fire this time#i used an accelerant
i used an accelerant#yeah  what kind
yeah  what kind#hey by the way i am really sorry about your wife leaving you
where you been man  we got a celebrity#i heard  who the hell let them up there
i heard  who the hell let them up there#i do not know you think eddie will give me his autograph
i do not know you think eddie will give me his autograph#you see anything in the crowd  anybody suspicious
you see anything in the crowd  anybody suspicious#naw  i am sure the suspect's not here
naw  i am sure the suspect's not here#oh yeah why
oh yeah why#'cause eddie woulda locked him up by now
the smoke will permeate your nostrils  burn 'em out  let it run#but you knew that right
you see eddie's face when i gave him the timer  wish i had a picture of it#he knew all along
how long they been living here#you hear that question garcia
you go home  i am taking your car and going back to the crime scene#are not you tired
are not you tired#if i go home i will not be able to fall asleep anyway
bobby bobby  where are you hit#it hurts  aw jesus
it hurts  aw jesus#lay down  stay down bobby
how was it#not good
get outta here#what the hell happened
what the hell happened#they were inside  they booby trapped her apartment
room was registered to a francis capra#capra  that is not czech or russian who said he sounded russian
capra  that is not czech or russian who said he sounded russian#the clerk
take the car  get outta here tommy#look you cannot shoot him in cold blood
your doctor#yes  my psychiatrist did not insist that i stay on my medication
yes  my psychiatrist did not insist that i stay on my medication#so you feel absolutely no responsibility for killing these people
look i am in here  you call this a career move#and is not there a movie in the works about you
and is not there a movie in the works about you#we are in negotiations that is correct
we are in negotiations that is correct#but does not the son of sam law prevent criminals from profiting from their crimes
space stattion 5  lounge#well how nice to see you again elena you are looking wonderful
hi frank coming in please#right just a sec
dave if you have a minute i would like your advice on something#sure what is it
sure what is it#well it is nothing really important but it is annoying
well it is nothing really important but it is annoying#that is up
that is up#it is about my salary cheques
it is possible#well what do you think we ought to do about it
well what do you think we ought to do about it#i do not think we should make any fuss about it yet i am sure they will straighten it out
i do not think we should make any fuss about it yet i am sure they will straighten it out#i must say i never did understand why they split us into two groups for training
i must say i never did understand why they split us into two groups for training#no i never did either
i suppose the idea was specialized training#i suppose so though of course there's a more sinister explanation
yes you must have heard the rumour that went around during orbital checkout#no as a matter of fact i did not
i do not know all i heard is that there's something about the mission we were not told#that seems very unlikely
that seems very unlikely#yes i thought so
yes i thought so#of course it would be very easy for us to find out now
just ask hal it is conceivable they might keep something from us but they would never keep anything from hal#that is true
yes but it is to fantastic to think that they would keep something from us#i know it would be almost inconceivable
i know it would be almost inconceivable#but not completely inconceivable
but not completely inconceivable#i suppose it is not logically impossible
i suppose it is not logically impossible#i guess it is not
i guess it is not#still all we have to do is ask hal
well that is something#yes i do not know what to make of it
yes i do not know what to make of it#i suppose computers have been known to be wrong
i suppose computers have been known to be wrong#yes but it is more likely that the tolerances on our testing gear are too low
yes but it is more likely that the tolerances on our testing gear are too low#anyway it is just as well that we replace it better safe than sorry
good morning how is it going#are you reasonably awake
are you reasonably awake#oh i am fine i am wide awake that is up
oh i am fine i am wide awake that is up#well hal's reported the aounit about to fail again
well hal's reported the aounit about to fail again#you are kidding
i do not know hal said he thought it might be the assembly procedure#two units in four days how many spares do we have
two units in four days how many spares do we have#two more
two more#well i hope there's nothing wrong with the assembly on those other wise we are out of business
i did not do that frank i took particular care not to freeze them#i guess you do not know your own strength old boy
i guess you do not know your own strength old boy#i guess not
i guess not#i think i will have to go out and burn them off
sorry to interrupt the festivities dave but i think we have got a problem#what is it hal
what is it hal#my fpc shows an impending failure of the antenna orientation unit
the unit is still operational dave but it will fail within seventytwo hours#i understand hal we will take care of it please let me have the hard copy
not now hal i would like to talk to you about something#sure dave that is up
sure dave that is up#you know that we checked the two aounits that you reported in imminent failure condition
you know that we checked the two aounits that you reported in imminent failure condition#yes i know
yes i know#you probably also know that we found them okay
you probably also know that we found them okay#yes i know that but i can assure you that they were about to fail
i am not questioning your word dave but it is just not possible i am not capable of being wrong#hal is there anything bothering you  anything that might account for this problem
i am sorry about the misunderstanding hal#well do not worry about it
well do not worry about it#and do not you worry about it
and do not you worry about it#is your confidence in me fully restored
is your confidence in me fully restored#yes it is hal
yes it is hal#well that is a relief you know i have the greatest enthusiasm possible for the mission
too bad about frank is not it#yes it is
yes it is#i suppose you are pretty broken up about it
the antenna has to be replaced#repairing the antenna is a pretty dangerous operation
i am goin to do this myself hal let me have the control please#look dave your have probably got a lot to do i suggest you leave it to me
look dave your have probably got a lot to do i suggest you leave it to me#hal switch to manual hibernation control
i am at space station five darling how are you#i am fine daddy when are you coming home
i am having a party tomorrow#yes i know that sweetheart
yes i know that sweetheart#are you coming to my party
are you coming to my party#no i am sorry darling i told you i will not be home for a few days
no i am sorry darling i told you i will not be home for a few days#when are you coming home
when are you coming home#in three days darling i hope
one two three can i speak to mommy#mommy's out to the hair dresser
mommy's out to the hair dresser#where is mrs brown
where is mrs brown#she is in the bathroom
she is in the bathroom#okay sweetheart well i have to go now tell mommy that i called
okay sweetheart well i have to go now tell mommy that i called#how many days until you come home
how many days until you come home#three darling one two  three be sure to tell mommy i called
okay sweetheart have a lovely birthday party tomorrow#thank you daddy
thank you daddy#i will wish you a happy birthday now and i will see you soon all right darling
i will wish you a happy birthday now and i will see you soon all right darling#yes daddy
yes daddy#'bye 'bye now sweetheart
'bye 'bye now sweetheart#goodbye daddy
oh thank you very much#thank you
thank you#well how is it going back there
well i have heard more and more people talk of an epidemic#i suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later
i suppose it was bound to happen sooner or later#berkeley told me that they think it came from contamination on a returning mars flight
i was working out what this trip must cost taking him up there by himself and coming back empty#i will bet it is a fortune
and your charming little daughter#oh she is growing up very fast as a matter of fact she is six tomorrow
oh she is growing up very fast as a matter of fact she is six tomorrow#oh that is such a delightful age
oh that is such a delightful age#how is gregor
clavius control came on the air just long enough to transmit their refusal#well that does sound very odd
are you sure you will not change your mind about a drink#no thank you and i am afraid now i really must be going
no thank you and i am afraid now i really must be going#well i hope that you and your wife can come to the iac conference in june
well gregor and i will look forward to seeing you#thank you it is been a great pleasure to meet all of you dr smyslov
well thank you very much for being so understanding#please it really does not matter
please it really does not matter#well did you have a pleaant flight
well did you have a pleaant flight#yes very pleasant
yes very pleasant#well shall we go through documentation
yes i think so just about then#i suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking
i suppose you saw the work on our new section while you were docking#yes it is coming along very well
are you quite sure#yes really thank you very much
well as it happens i am on my way up to the moon#are you by any chance going up to your base at clavius
are you by any chance going up to your base at clavius#yesas a matter of fact i am
i am sorry but i am not sure i know what you mean#well it is just for the past two weeks there have been some extremely odd things happening at clavius
you mean you have not been able to get anyone at the base for ten days#that is right
that is right#i see
yes well i hope the crew got back safely#fortunately they did
fortunately they did#well i am glad about that
this epidemic could easily spread to our base dr floyd we should be given all the facts#dr smyslov i am not permitted to discuss this
yes it does the subsurface structure shows that it was deliberately buried about four million years ago#how can you tell it was deliberately buried
how can you tell it was deliberately buried#by the deformation between the mother rock and the fill
by the deformation between the mother rock and the fill#any clue as to what it is
but you do not have any idea as to what it is#tomb shine surveymarker spare part take your choice
has it been exposed to any sun before now#i do not think it has but i would like to check that simpson that is the log on that
oh marvellous it is the first real sleep i have had for the past two days#there's nothing like weightless sleep for a complete rest
there's nothing like weightless sleep for a complete rest#when do we arrive at clavius
when do we arrive at clavius#we are scheduled to dock in about seven hours is there anything we can do for you
we are scheduled to dock in about seven hours is there anything we can do for you#oh no thank you the two girls have taken wonderful care of me i am just fine
thank you#incidentally dr floyd i wonder if i can have a word with you about the security arrangements
incidentally dr floyd i wonder if i can have a word with you about the security arrangements#what do you mean
i see#i take it this is something to do with the trouble they are having up at clavius
well fine thanks very much anyway and i hope you do not mind me asking#no of course captain i can understand your concern
right hal tell me whether the following statements are true or false#i will if i can frank
i will if i can frank#our mission profile calls for discovery going to saturn true or false
our transit time is 257 days is that true#that is true
that is true#thank you very much hal
five by five frank#hal i am going out now to replace the ao unit
hal i am going out now to replace the ao unit#i understand
i understand#hal maintain normal eva condition
pod bay is decompressed all doors are secure you are free to open pod bay doors#opening pod bay doors
yes hal that is up#it looks like we have another bad ao unit my fpc shows another impending failure
i know you did frank but i assure you there was an impending failure#let me see the tracking alignment display
do you have any idea of what is causing this fault#not really frank i think there may be a flaw in the assembly procedure
not really frank i think there may be a flaw in the assembly procedure#all right hal we will take care of it let me have the hard copy please
this is three years old#yeah i have been busy
we do not wash 'em ya know#how about charging the battery
maybe you better have a black russian#no man i think i will have a vodka
now how is your memory doing#fuck off  i do not know what the hell you are talking about
fuck off  i do not know what the hell you are talking about#maybe i better ask around see what your pals think
maybe i better ask around see what your pals think#i do not give a shit who you ask
i am telling ya i am giving you all i know#try obeying the law once in awhile and i will not have to hassle you
maybe you shoulda stole a better truck tonto#you got a real big mouth convict
i want to drive awhile#i ai not tired yet
i ai not tired yet#maybe after we get done with him i am gonna buy us some girls
maybe after we get done with him i am gonna buy us some girls#whaddya mean buy
pay money#yeah dummy  money
yeah dummy  money#i never paid for it in my life
i never paid for it in my life#it is better when you pay they let you do anything
maybe that is where i am gonna cut your throat#he is just kidding you just keep doing what i tell ya you will be okay
i am candy#excuse me baby but if i do not get some action tonight i am gonna bust  you interested
excuse me baby but if i do not get some action tonight i am gonna bust  you interested#hey what kind of talk is that
hey what kind of talk is that#oh  you are a schoolteacher
hey do not you think a hair stylists got any interest in getting it on#here you go sweetheart throw it my way
you are in a hurry#yeah i been waiting three years
yeah i been waiting three years#you just quit being a priest or something
you just quit being a priest or something#no baby nothing like that look there's a place across the street we can go right over there
no baby nothing like that look there's a place across the street we can go right over there#that is the matter with my place
well maybe i will see you later #here's hoping baby
here you go baby#hey do not do that  i said i was not a pro remember
i will buy ya the best dinner in san franciscohow would that be then we will go dancing okay#now you are talking see ya
i said police  now drop the goddamn gun#do not give me that police shit you drop it
i hear you have got visitors#would you guys
you and the other one you are still billy's girls you always were his girls#yeah  sure i am crazy in love with him who would not be
yeah  sure i am crazy in love with him who would not be#you are gonna help us take him
you are gonna help us take him#no chance
where is ganz#in the back  down the other corridor
you lying son of a bitch#what are you talking about we did not kill her 
after i get outta this copi am gonna live forever#i do not think you are gonna make it
i do not think you are gonna make it#whaddya meani got your gun  i got his money i got everything
i got hit  i cannot believe it i got shot#you are done  end of story
you are done  end of story#i ai not gonna beg for my life it ai not cool
you got a name cop#try cates  and let's talk in private okay
try cates  and let's talk in private okay#sure anything you want
you here to write my life story#not likely reggie  maybe i just need some help
yeah i noticed#ganz is in jail  he is gonna be there two years after i am on the street
i can deliver ganz  but you gotta get me outta here first#you are crazy
that is the big deal about you being on the street#i got a lot to protect
it is the only way you are gonna get ganz#i will think about it
this prison gives out $400 suits#what are you talking about  this suit is mine  it cost $900
i do not need to hear your jive i already got that department taken care of#you got a girl shit the generosityof women never ceases to amaze me
hey no way  take off the bracelets or no deal#you just do not get it do your reggie  there is not any deal i own your ass
you just do not get it do your reggie  there is not any deal i own your ass#no way to start a partnership
luther was part of the gang#what gang you talking about jack
what gang you talking about jack#i can read a police file shithead and quit calling me jack
i can read a police file shithead and quit calling me jack#just an expression man do not mean nothing
i do not give a damn  it happens to be my name#then what are you complaining about at least nobody's calling you shithead
then what are you complaining about at least nobody's calling you shithead#i may call you worse than that
quit playing cop and undo this cuff jack i need to talk to this man#i am telling you to drop the goddam gun
i am telling you to drop the goddam gun#i got a whole thing about people pointing guns at me
i got a whole thing about people pointing guns at me#just throw me the goddamn gun
hey this works pretty good#thank you
thank you#want to try it again
what do you think#i think you better put him on ice man
i think you better put him on ice man#he is gotta take that call  if there is one
we are on the move let's go as they walk toward a corridor#do you know how close i was to getting some trim  and you fucked' it up
speaking of moans my stomach is starting to growl#we eat when i say we eat
yeah i am hungry too i know of a place let's go eat#yeah i want mandolins flowers they move off down the corridor
who would you call on the phone back at the booking station#just get in the car and keep your mouth shut
now where we going convict#mission district  gonna find us an indian
i do not give out the details#last night two nights ago three
last night#you have a good time
back you up  now why would i wanna do that#if they kick my ass they will sure as hell carve yours up
hey you wanna bet#i got two problems  number one i am not playing games  number two you got nothing to bet with
why  anybody that talks about women as much as you do probably cannot get it up anyway#that is never been one of my problems
i will tell you what happens if you lose you tell the truth for once#what are you talking about
i do not know what you are talking about i just wanna see ganz nailed#the bet's off
i am gonna enjoy this  here i will even loan you my badge#i thought you said bullshit and experience are all it takes
this place do not seem real popular with the brothers#my kind of place i always liked country boys
that was not necessary buddy i got this under control#some of us citizens are with you all the way officer
you made that move huh#while you are at it you can give me the switchblade too
must be billy's girl#come on
yeah right  you want to try again#naw you would just call your pals back to bail you out one more time
naw you would just call your pals back to bail you out one more time#they saved your ass convict
they saved your ass convict#one thing's for sure jack that is how you will tell the story
i been waiting a long time for some money#how much
how much#half a million
he is after your money#you catch on real fastokay jack let's talk deal how much of my money you gonna let me keep
we split 5050#not likely convict
not likely convict#you gonna let me keep any of it
where is the money#in the trunk of a car  a lot better than under a mattress right
where is the goddamn car#you are a real case you know that jack
this will show you how smart i am i got it parked#for three years  let's hope it was not a towaway zone
for three years  let's hope it was not a towaway zone#you just drove by it
did not know you darker people went in for foreign jobs#i had no choice some white asshole bought the last piece of shit skyblue cadillac
you would think the guy would be smart enough to know he was being tailed#trying to save his girl man he is in another world
trying to save his girl man he is in another world#if i was his size and had ganz on my ass i would  just leave town
if i was his size and had ganz on my ass i would  just leave town#i am telling you the mangs in love he wants to be a hero for his girl
i am telling you the mangs in love he wants to be a hero for his girl#oh yeah does being in love make you stupid
say do you always work people over like you did luther#if they do not tell me what i need to know
if they do not tell me what i need to know#does not it get tiring
you know i would be embarrassed if i let my wheels go the way you have done with this job#what you do not understand is i do not give a damn about how this thing looks
what you do not understand is i do not give a damn about how this thing looks#no class
no class#class is not something you buy punk look at you five hundred dollar suit and you are still a lowlife
that was in style a couple years back man#right if you ever switch from armed robbery to pimping then you are all set
bullshit then i am staying with the money#you stay with me
you stay with me#no way
where is luther#be polite say hello  this is candy
be polite say hello  this is candy#hello and goodbye
what about luther#what about ganz
we missed#you missed  luther took a taxi to the hotel across the street made a phone call
you missed  luther took a taxi to the hotel across the street made a phone call#maybe we should pay luther a visit
maybe we should pay luther a visit#let him get some sleep  he is going to need it
tell me something  why did not you just take the money off luther and split#forget it i want ganz as bad as you do and i got some other news for you
being good at your job do not explain everything jack #yeah guess not
that was quick#when you been in prison three years it do not take long let's go
notice something funny about that bus#yeah it missed the last four stops
hey how would my car get here#i had it impounded  come on we will use it for hauling you back to the slam
i had it impounded  come on we will use it for hauling you back to the slam#back to jail in my own car  ganz got away got all my money it just do not seem right
it is late they are closing#do not worry about it
do i get to kiss her too#if she is right and if you do not screw up
what if your girl's theory turns out to be bullshit  i mean they could be in rio de janeiro#i have got to play it rough with them if they know anything i am gonna know it
hey there she is#whatever play i maker just back me up
whatever play i maker just back me up#if we run into billy first let me try and talk him in
you okay#yeah  but i was not there for a second
yeah  but i was not there for a second#you did pick a real strange time to go and be brave all on your own
okay reggie start busting my chops tell me how great you were with that chick#hey jack real men do not have to go in for that macho bullshit  but i was fantastic
it is your money  it will be here in six months when you get out#and you are telling me you do not want any of this cash
and you are telling me you do not want any of this cash#that is right not my style reggie
that is right not my style reggie#you are an awesomely weird cop sure wish there were more like you running around out here
i want to be left alone on this one algren was killed with my gun#yeah i read the report
anthing bothering you besides losing your gun#yeah  it bothers me when cops get hurt while i am making a play i do not like it
yeah  it bothers me when cops get hurt while i am making a play i do not like it#you might be more of a team player and a little less of a hot dog on this one jack
you might be more of a team player and a little less of a hot dog on this one jack#being a hot dog's worked pretty well for me so far besides i got a lead
try not to get your ass shot to pieces we got enough dead cops on this one#i will keep it in mind
what the bell happened#i lost them that is what happened
i lost them that is what happened#how did they get away
how did they get away#they ran  as fast as they could caught a train
which one pulled the trigger#the indian  i was about 30 yards away
the indian  i was about 30 yards away#you could not get to him
do not duck the bullet cates why did not you call in for backup instead of making a grandstand play#i did not have the time
where the christ do you think you are going#i am taking my prisoner back to jail
somebody steals your gun you are supposed to file a report#are you gonna tell me about police procedure  do me a favor do not give me a bunch of crap
is that what this guy ganz had in the hotel#every last bit of it  the big guy's room was empty
every last bit of it  the big guy's room was empty#i will help you out
billy bear#backup man from the east bay worked with ganz a few years ago and sprung him from the road gang
who are all these#they all pulled a bunch of jobs with ganz about four years ago
they all pulled a bunch of jobs with ganz about four years ago#wait a minute wait a minute who's this
wait a minute wait a minute who's this#uhh  wong henry wong  he was in on the same job
tell me that is not the same guy#hey  dick tracy
i think i wanna have a discussion about it with any of the ones still walking  can we find them#here's the file cates checks the file
here's the file cates checks the file#one of  em's in the slam
you look awful#so do youbeen a long day
aw bullshit you heard wrong#does not look like it
does not look like it#nothing came in for me yet  no calls
bullshit red tape#i am heading out how about you
i got to wait for a call#okay  see you in the morning you know you ought to get some rest
jesus christ  why the hell did not you tell me before#i am not paid to take your personal calls  he was in some bar  off duty
a cop#i sure ai not his fairy godmother now i am looking for ganzwhere is he
i sure ai not his fairy godmother now i am looking for ganzwhere is he#have not seen him for years that is the truth
have not seen him for years that is the truth#you just took a shot at me asshole i think you do know where he is
you just took a shot at me asshole i think you do know where he is#who gives a fuck what you think
ganz and billy got my girl rosalie#i think i met her  now tell us something we do not know like where they stashed her
i think i met her  now tell us something we do not know like where they stashed her#i do not know
he  he wants me to help him skip town#when how
when how#i dunno  he is gonna call me
what am i wanted for#i do not answer questions i ask 'em
hey you are right#you are hopeless
you are hopeless#that is the way i see it too
i am all wet#that is wrong with that
a guy in the bar called me a dumb bitch today#what would you do
if this is your idea of sympathetic interest in my problems i will take brutal indifference#hey you know what i really think
hey you know what i really think#tell mei am dying to hear it
maybe you ought to buy me one#maybe i would if i knew when you were coming back
that is a fairly crummy way to start a morning#maybe i got a fairly crummy day ahead
maybe i got a fairly crummy day ahead#maybe that makes a nice excuse
maybe that makes a nice excuse#maybe you do not know what the hell you are talking about
you know something jack you really are hopeless#that is the way i see it too
that is the way i see it too#call me later
call me later#you sure you want me to
you sure you want me to#yeah for some reason i am sure
thanks for the coffee#i think you forgot this hands him his wallet and badge
i think you forgot this hands him his wallet and badge#guess people ought to know who i am
great place for lunch#yeah one of my favorites
yeah one of my favorites#you made the front page
yeah guess it must have been a slow news day#jack are you okay
i am at work asshole  where else#elaine i i am sorry i was expecting somebody else police business
elaine i i am sorry i was expecting somebody else police business#no wonder you are so popular
no wonder you are so popular#no it is i am just surprised you called
no it is i am just surprised you called#so am i
the number  that is the goddamn number#jack  what was that
elaine i gotta put you on hold#jack wait
jack wait#just a second that is all
hi it is me#fuck you
hey i do not believe it#hiya kid
hiya kid#i ought to have you and your friend thrown out
i ought to have you and your friend thrown out#do not  we have had a hard night
do not  we have had a hard night#i can see that  pardon me for saying so but you look like shit  what happened
i can see that  pardon me for saying so but you look like shit  what happened#we and my pal here have been taking it on the chin for the last few hours
you real down#i have been betterdead end  no ganz no indian
how do you know#jack it is all over the papers he is an obvious type  but this indian
what makes you think they were lesbians or as you so quaintly put it dykes#come on they were a little old for a slumber party
hey come on shrink time's over they would not go see some old girlfriend#oh yeah well look where you came when you were down and out
whaddya think#what do i know  i am just a bartender
what do i know  i am just a bartender#let's go reggie
i have been waiting a long time to hear you say that#yeah being a hardass all the time is a real drag but it works
three more hours#where is he
where is he#promised i would turn my back while he ah never mind
promised i would turn my back while he ah never mind#tell me
tell me#he is taking care of the same business i will be taking care of  soon as i dry off
you are impossible#that is what i always say
who the hell are you#name's hammond reggie hammond i heard a lot about you and any friend of jack's is a friend of mine
hard man to live with#how would you know
how would you know#hey two days with him is enough
hey two days with him is enough#that is no bull
shut up#what the hell's wrong  i did not do anything
what do you want  that is going on#shut up
keep stalling#alright i am cominghold on
how hot are they#hot  hey they are not even room temperature
how ya doing#cannot complain
cannot complain#we got a lot to talk about
we got a lot to talk about#yeah old times
yeah old times#we will follow you  take it slowokay
we will follow you  take it slowokay#sure right
surprise luther#whaddya want  i thought you were locked up
whaddya want  i thought you were locked up#i want the money asshole what do you think  the money that reggie hid
i want the money asshole what do you think  the money that reggie hid#i do not know what you are talking about
i do not know what you are talking about#you want that indian to snap her neck
instead of worrying about reggie you better worry about me#do not give me this we were partners
do not give me this we were partners#billy go ahead break it
billy go ahead break it#no do not kill her  i can get you the money
i cannot get it until monday honest#you chickenshit punk
let her go#first the money
rosalie you okay#what are you talking about i said i would not hurt her
how you doing man#not bad not bad
you want to go outside#naw right here's okay
you sure#i am sure  everybody here's looking at everybody else's ass
how about some ammo#it is loaded i got some shells in here
how much#this is clean shit  no serial numbers and never been used
this is clean shit  no serial numbers and never been used#do not mess with me how much
do not mess with me how much#five bills
five bills#five  on credit
five  on credit#this ai not a credit business
give it back#try and take it
fuck you  you got no right for this kind of play#i will got your money to you no sweat
what are you laughing about#napoleon small
the casewith the stones where is it#san agamat chay bet envolet
san agamat chay bet envolet#the case was stolen
iksetkiba  me imanetaba oum dalat#you know exactly where they are
vano da mechteba soun domo kala chon hammas#no i am not proud of myself but we do not have the luxury of choice
akta dedero ansila do mektet#i cannot pretend to be your husband david's in great shape
we are saved#i am fucked
zorg jeanbaptiste emmanuel zorg nice to see you again#i remember you nowthe so called art dealer
i remember you nowthe so called art dealer#i am glad you got your memory back father because you are going to need it where are the stones
i am glad you got your memory back father because you are going to need it where are the stones#why on earth do the stones interest you
why on earth do the stones interest you#personally they are of no interest to me i would rather sell weaponsbut i have a customer so tell me
personally they are of no interest to me i would rather sell weaponsbut i have a customer so tell me#even it i did know where the stones were i would never tell somebody like you
even it i did know where the stones were i would never tell somebody like you#why  that is wrong with me
why  that is wrong with me#i am a priest i am here to serve life all you want to do is destroy it
i am a priest i am here to serve life all you want to do is destroy it#ah father you are so wrong let me explain
would you like a drink#no thank you
no thank you#follow me life which you so nobly serve comes from destruction look at this empty glass
you are a monster zorg#i know
excuse me i am looking for a priest#weddings are one floor down congratulations
that is me  but i do not know who she is where did you find her#she dropped in on me holding this
who are you#i brought the girl remember
i brought the girl remember#the girl
he is a she#you noticed
so you do know her#uh yes we are cousinsdistant cousins
they all like this in your family father#she is an exception
she is an exception#thank you so much for your help mr
thank you so much for your help mr#dallas korben dallas
yes that is fine thank you very much a thousand times over#i might call to check up on her you know to see if she is better
i might call to check up on her you know to see if she is better#she is fine reallydo not you worry just needs some restshe is had a very long trip
she is fine reallydo not you worry just needs some restshe is had a very long trip#i know i was there when she arrived
it means never without my permission#that is what i thought
is that the usual way priests go on vacation#we are not going on vacationwe are on a mission
we are not going on vacationwe are on a mission#what kind of mission
what kind of mission#we have to save the world
we have to save the world#good luck
good luck#of course
what are you doing#trying to save your ass so you can save the world
yeah i know to save the world but right now all i want to do is save leeloo#leeloo's in trouble
leeloo's in trouble#when is she not in trouble
when is she not in trouble#uh have you tried the diva's suite
there's no light you told me there were supposed to be four beams of light#yes of course but the stones are shut they have to be open for it to work
yes of course but the stones are shut they have to be open for it to work#and you do not know how they open is that what you are saying
and you do not know how they open is that what you are saying#that is what i am saying
your theory is interesting father but i do not think we have time to go into it right now#time is of no importance mr president only life is important
we have fortyeight hours the time it needs to adapt itself to our living conditions#and then
is there anything that can stop it#yesthank god
but what happens if instead of this ultimate warrior it is evil who stands here#white turns to black  light to dark life to death  for all eternity
what are we going to do#this is government business now you ought to go home and get some rest father
it is a miracle#what is
what is#i cannot wear these clothes this calls for dignity i have to dress the part
father will you please explain that is going on#the supreme being the fifth element is here in our parish it is a miracle
father  you sure she is the supreme being#absolutely sure there's the triple suns on her gloves
that is she doing#learning our history the last 5000 years that she missed she is been out of circulation a while you know
uh father i know she is been through a lot but the sacred stoneswe do not have much time#yes of course
where is leeloo#on the plane with mr dallas the real one
on the plane with mr dallas the real one#it is all my fault  i am the servant it is my mission here
you are all safe thanks be to god#later david later there's not a minute to lose
i will help her i promise but i think you should tell me where the stones are#do you love her
do you love her#i i do not know we hardly know each other it takes time
i i do not know we hardly know each other it takes time#i do not have time i need to know
i do not have time i need to know#listen the last time i admitted to a woman i loved her  i never saw her again
listen the last time i admitted to a woman i loved her  i never saw her again#i would like to have died in peace
i am sorry but the stones#they are with me
i love you too major but you have not called me that since basic training#i was talking to the cat
i was talking to the cat#oh yeah i forgotyou still prefer your cat to the real thing
at least the cat comes back#you still pining for that two timing bitch forget her there are a million women out there
you still pining for that two timing bitch forget her there are a million women out there#i do not want a million  i just want one  a perfect one
i do not want a million  i just want one  a perfect one#do not exist bud
i just found a picture of you#how do i look
how do i look#like shit
i do not need one#you forgetting who sat next to you for a thousand missions i know how you drive
you forgetting who sat next to you for a thousand missions i know how you drive#finger  i am driving a cab now not a space fighter
finger  i am driving a cab now not a space fighter#how many points you got left on your license
how many points you got left on your license#uh at least fifty
uh at least fifty#in your dreams see you tonight
so just how big was this fare#5'7 green eyes long legs great skin perfect
akina delutan noushan#'scuse me
daya deo dono dato  dalutan#it there's one thing i do not need advice on it is how to drive
vito cor nilious priest#vito cornelius
eto akta gamat#i am sorry it is just that i was told to wake you up gently so i figured
that is your name#leeloo minai lekararibalaminaitchai ekbat de sebat
leeloo minai lekararibalaminaitchai ekbat de sebat#hey  that is cute do you have a nickname something a little shorter
the fifth element#take them and put them in a safe place
will the elements be gone now forever from this place#when mankind comes to its senses we will return
when mankind comes to its senses we will return#knowing mankind as i do that could take centuries
knowing mankind as i do that could take centuries#time is of no importance only life is important
when evil returns so shall we#we will be ready lord
you are the nastiest dirtbag i know in this stinking city#hi ma
hi ma#i have been playing twice a week for 20 years 20 years i have been eating those shitty croquettes
are you listening to me you ingrate#yes ma
i am coming ma what are you talking about#i get it you want to make me beg is that it
you just won a trip you dolt ten days in fhloston paradise for two#ma if i would won i would know about it someone would have notified me
ma if i would won i would know about it someone would have notified me#they have been blaring out your name on the radio for the last hour blockhead
have you pulled yourself together#not yet
welcome on board mr dallas#how you doing this morning  sleep ok i did not
fuel level 603propulsion 2x4#i had the worst goddamn nightmare
i had the worst goddamn nightmare#you have nine points left on your license
you have nine points left on your license#thanks for reminding me
i am sorry#this is a police control action
30 seconds#anyone know how to release the lines on this crate
6 5#found it
you do not do what i say i will waste you myself got it#got it
six to the left one to the right#he is on vacation
he is on vacation#we got to find the leader mangalores do not fight without a leader
maybe we oughta be going what do you think#not without leeloo
like korben can i have 30 seconds of your time here#i will be right back
you know how to fly this thing#it is like a cab is not it
i do not even know what i am looking for#fuck it hold tight
what did you say what did you do#nothing swear to god i did not do nothing
nothing swear to god i did not do nothing#look you did something that set it off try to remember concentrate tell me exactly what you did
is that all#yeah then i sighed like this
what mission#to save the world
to save the world#where have i heard this song before
two of all the members of your unit you were the most highly decorated#and the third one
and the third one#you are the only one left alive
do not you open your messages#i have had enough good news for today
i have had enough good news for today#you have won the annual gemini contest and a trip to fhloston paradise for two congratulations here are your tickets
you could not come up with something a little more discreet#old tricks are the best tricks eh
old tricks are the best tricks eh#i am not going
i am not going#why not
why not#one reason i want to stay the only one left alive
it is my wife#i thought you were divorced
three of us will never fit in there#oh yes you will
valo massa chacha hamas#uhyou are welcome
sometimes you cannot learn everything from a screensometimes it is better to ask someone who has experience#what is make love
finished what#learning language
learning language#which one
which one#all 900
you learned 900 languages in five minutes#yes now it is your turn i learned your language you have to learn mine
yes now it is your turn i learned your language you have to learn mine#i know how to say hello teach me how to say goodbye that is all i need
here we go again#you know women normally change five times more than men
you know women normally change five times more than men#you get that off the screen
you get that off the screen#yes you know there's a lot of differences between men women
yes you know there's a lot of differences between men women#you noticed
you noticed#ok you can turn around
where you going#i am going to see the diva sing that is the matter do i look bad
i am going to see the diva sing that is the matter do i look bad#no not at all  i mean just the opposite you are you are beautiful
i told you i need to work in peace remember i need to concentrate#and you cannot concentrate with me around
and you cannot concentrate with me around#it is difficult
you are nothing but a a#the words you are looking for were not in the dictionary you studied i will not be long
i am so very sad#why we did pretty well would not you say
why we did pretty well would not you say#five hundred wars arms drugs money everything you create is used to destroy
five hundred wars arms drugs money everything you create is used to destroy#i told you not to read all that crap
i told you not to read all that crap#protect life until death
leeloo the stones we have to open them how does it work#the wind blows the fire burns
the wind blows the fire burns#i know all that leeloo i am talking about the stones
i know all that leeloo i am talking about the stones#the rain falls
it is up to you now angel#i am so tired
i am so tired#you can sleep tomorrow come on
you can sleep tomorrow come on#i want to sleep forever
that is the use of saving lives when you see what you do with them#you are right but there are lots of good things beautiful things
you are right but there are lots of good things beautiful things#like love
yes you do i need you more than you can imagine stand up straight#why why would you need me
tell me#i love you
not going to open#i have never gotten a message that was not bad news
i have never gotten a message that was not bad news#how someone strong like you scared from a message is good news i sure
at least i won lunch#good philosophysee good in bad i likei prepare number one dessert special for you and pussy
the cash man#been here long
been here long#do not fuck with me man or i will blow you into tomorrow
it is not#you gotta push the little yellow button
this is all that survived#actually only one cell survived
actually only one cell survived#have you identified it
talk english doc#this cell is like a huge library it has infinite genetic knowledge stored inside almost like it wasengineered
this cell is like a huge library it has infinite genetic knowledge stored inside almost like it wasengineered#sounds like a freak of nature to me
sounds like a freak of nature to me#yes i cannot wait to meet him
is there any danger some kind of virus#we put it through the cellular hygiene detector the cell is for lack of a better word perfect
this thing solid#an elephant could not crack it
mr president let me introduce you to professor mactilburgh who runs the center#it is an honor to receive you mr president
i managed to contact the mondoshawan they deplore the incident but accept our apologies#and the stones  did you find them in the wreckage
and the stones  did you find them in the wreckage#thestones were not aboard the ship
thestones were not aboard the ship#what do you mean
i want your best man on this#do not worry sir i have the perfect one
they just landed in the desert#how much time is left
staedert do you read me#i can hear you mr president but i cannot see you 
is that better#perfect mr president
perfect mr president#i have to address the supreme council in 10 minutes just the facts general
staedert  that is going on  did you destroy it#i am about to mr president
lord forgive me they already know too much#in which all the history of the universe resides all the strengthall the hopeprotect us from evil
father it in the most extraordinary thing the greatest find in historycan you imagine the implications#only too well here you must be parched
a weapon against evil  amazing  i am going to be famous#then let us toast to your fame  here billy
how is that can you hear me better now#yes mr zorg i hear you perfectly so how was the concert
yes sir#dispatch me another zfx200 immediately someone stole mine
dispatch me another zfx200 immediately someone stole mine#right away sir i will send you a new one to the hotel
right away sir i will send you a new one to the hotel#i am not at the hotel
am i disturbing you#no not at all  where are you
not far now#really maybe i can get you on my screen and see you at last
do you have the picture now mr zorg#got it
got it#how is our deal coming along
the stones will be here i will see to it personally#i cannot wait to be among you
welcome home#do you know how much i missed you
that is this have you been smoking #smoking  i am not smoking
smoking  i am not smoking#your clothing reeks of it
i am not accusing you#well i am not smoking okay
well i am not smoking okay#okay i believe you
okay i believe you#we have been all through that  i have been on my best behavior
how is the detective business#business was fine  i will tell you what you could not pay me enough to live down there
business was fine  i will tell you what you could not pay me enough to live down there#you better not be smoking that is all i can say
you better not be smoking that is all i can say#honey i am not please
i love you#i love you
you think you will have time for the water heater this weekend#sure  i will call the guy
sure  i will call the guy#you are not using the same guy who tried to fix it
you are not using the same guy who tried to fix it#i am not using him again for anything  he was worthless  you have bridge here saturday
i am not using him again for anything  he was worthless  you have bridge here saturday#betty's out of town so we are playing next week
this is the mortgage  this is cindy's college money#i understand
i understand#sometimes you cannot know what i am doing  it is better that way
sometimes you cannot know what i am doing  it is better that way#i know
amy it is me  listen very carefully#tom  where have you been 
 that is going on#just do it amy please go
what happened to you#i am okay honey i am okay  are you alright
i am okay honey i am okay  are you alright#that is going on tom  what happened
that is going on tom  what happened#i cannot tell you amy  you know i cannot  you have to trust me
why have not you called  why do not you answer your phone#i do not know  i am sorry
i do not know  i am sorry#you are sorry  what was i supposed to think
you owe me an explanation  you cannot treat me like this#i wanted to call  i could not
i wanted to call  i could not#you could not
you could not#you do not understand
you do not understand#no i do not because you are not telling me anything
you should have#amy i am not going to let anything happen to us
i do not know what to say#you are killing me
you are killing me#do not
do not#what was i supposed to think happened to you
who are you calling#mrs christian
she is all i have got  she is the only witness#tom she is dead
she died in her sleep three days ago  it was in the paper#i just talked to her
what are these#mixed hard bondage  rape films sick shit  buy five get one free
anything harder#there's nothing harder
what you see is what i got mister#you know where i can get it  i have a lot of money to spend
you know where i can get it  i have a lot of money to spend#there ai not no such thing as snuff why do not you fuck off
what do you want#i just got a call two seconds ago some motherfucker called says he knows about the loop
i just got a call two seconds ago some motherfucker called says he knows about the loop#what are you talking about
i am telling you#blow me you paranoid fuck that is impossible  why are you bothering me with this 
blow me you paranoid fuck that is impossible  why are you bothering me with this #because somebody just fucking called me and fucking laid it out
what the fuck #i promised him to machine
it is an honor to meet you  thank you for seeing us#what can i do for you today
i would like to commission a work  i am a great admirer of yours#flattering  and who's your colorful little chum
flattering  and who's your colorful little chum#a fellow investor
you said something about money#yes  what we are looking for is rather specific
that is five thousand dollars#is it
and they are#i want to watch you work
i want to watch you work#i will consider it
i will consider it#and the other performer it has to be that monster you use the man in the mask
he might be interested but it would mean another five thousand#we can do that
i would rather you did not#that is the problem
that is the problem#i am camera shy
i am camera shy#you trust me to keep your money but not to take your picture
you trust me to keep your money but not to take your picture#those are two different kinds of trust  thank you for your time  i hope we can do business
i will do this for you  fifteen thousand dollars#machine's in
machine's in#he is in  it will be his pleasure
where is that#brooklyn  do not be late
you brought the money#right here
where are the women#they should be here any minute
what are these for#hmm  oh the knifes  they are just props  nice are not they
mister welles would you be so kind as to remove any firearms from your person#what are you 
what are you #take out your gun
empty the gun onto the table very carefully#look i do not know what this
look i do not know what this#shut up cunt  do exactly as i say or i will put this arrow through your throat
you remember mr longdale do not you#i remember him
friend of yours#look he is got nothing to do with this let him go
look he is got nothing to do with this let him go#can you guess what i am going to say next
can you guess what i am going to say next#he does not know anything he is got nothing to do with this
he does not know anything he is got nothing to do with this#bring the film or we kill him
i will get it  it is in a safe deposit box in the city#how cooperative  longdale will keep you company
is that him#put the gun down take the handcuffs  handcuff yourself to the bed
you are a dead man#leave him alone
leave him alone#fuck off
you got the guts tough guy  gonna kill us all is that it#you betrayed us
what can i do for you mr welles#call me tom
call me tom#alright tom
why not go to the ncic or ncmec#i figured you share information
i figured you share information#we do
we do#for whatever reasons i thought you might be more receptive
for whatever reasons i thought you might be more receptive#why do not they come to me
they were pretty clear they did not want this coming back on them#well that is all i can do  sorry
you are gonna be seeing a lot of me you are sure you do not mind#it is good what you are doing
yeah who's this#i know what you did
i know what you did#who is this
who is this#you murdered that girl eddie  six years ago
you murdered that girl eddie  six years ago#what the fuck are you 
that is he talking about#one million dollars dino  how much did he tell you he had
i am gonna kill you#do not bore me with that bullshit
do not bore me with that bullshit#how would you find me here
do not ask questions#fuck you
starting to recognize a pattern#what do you want
what do you want#who is machine
who is machine#i do not know
i do not know#i want his name
i want his name#i told you i do not know
i told you i do not know#i will never get tired of hurting you eddie so you might want to change your attitude
yeah the fucking lawyer#told him you could get him a snuff film
how much did he pay you#thirty thousand each that fucking cocksucker
thirty thousand each that fucking cocksucker#that is all  thirty each  that is all it took for you to murder her
that is all  thirty each  that is all it took for you to murder her#it was a lot of fucking money
something like that#what did you do knock her out shoot her up 
what did you do knock her out shoot her up #what the fuck do you want from me
what the fuck do you want from me#i want to know  i want to know exactly what you did to her
i do not know  i felt like it  i never saw anyone get done before#you enjoy it
tell me what happened#what do you want to know  you saw it you saw the loop
what do you want to know  you saw it you saw the loop#nobody saw you bring her in
what did you do with her body#took it out the bathroom window buried it in the woods
took it out the bathroom window buried it in the woods#show me
stop talking#you got absolute zero
you got absolute zero#show me where you buried her
show me where you buried her#i do not know   out there somewhere
i do not know   out there somewhere#where  show me where
do it#do not think i will not
easy enough for you#i never killed anyone
i never killed anyone#that is right you just stood there and watched because you felt like it  almost makes you worse
that is right you just stood there and watched because you felt like it  almost makes you worse#what do you want  you want me to fall to my knees and start crying like a baby 
maybe there's something wrong with the scumbag customers coming into your place ever think of that#the only thing wrong is the cheap softcore crap you are peddling eddie  where do you get this stuff
the only thing wrong is the cheap softcore crap you are peddling eddie  where do you get this stuff#look you cocksucker
look you cocksucker#get together some upscale product where the girls still have teeth in their head  till then fuck you
get together some upscale product where the girls still have teeth in their head  till then fuck you#fuck you
of what sort#you are a private investigator
you are a private investigator#that is right
never mind how i found you#followed me must have freaked out when you saw me closing in on your buddies
followed me must have freaked out when you saw me closing in on your buddies#they are no friends of mine
they are no friends of mine#except you are willing commit murder with them
shut up#mary anne mathews was alive till you paid money to have her murdered
mary anne mathews was alive till you paid money to have her murdered#shut your mouth and drive
you are asking me why#i am asking
why did he buy a film of some poor lost girl getting butchered#is not it incredibly obvious
is not it incredibly obvious#enlighten me
enlighten me#because he could  he did it because he could  what other reason were you looking for
you almost went over your limit#fuck you
give me the film#you will get it when we get there
give me the film#go ahead shoot me  then try driving to brooklyn with my brains all over the windshield
big date tonight#yeah guess so
yeah guess so#can i interest you in a battery operatedvagina
can i interest you in a battery operatedvagina#pardon me
pardon me#my boss tells me i have to do more suggestive selling
my boss tells me i have to do more suggestive selling#well it is tempting but no thanks
once you pick it up you cannot put it down#catchy title  what are you really reading  hard to believe that book's got any parts worth highlighting
truman capote#i tear off the cover and paste this one on  you know how it is
i tear off the cover and paste this one on  you know how it is#would not want to embarrass yourself in front of your fellow perverts
would not want to embarrass yourself in front of your fellow perverts#might get drummed out of the pornographer's union and then where would i be
remember me#came back for that batteryoperated vagina right  told you you would
i need some information  thought you might be able to help#thomas welles  nice picture
how long you been working there#three four years
three four years#that is your name if you do not mind me asking
you are not a cop are you  if i ask and you are you have to tell me#i am not a cop
i am not a cop#you are a private eye  like shaft
you are a private eye  like shaft#not quite
not quite#from pennsylvania  pi from pa what are you doing out here
how much#how much do you make now
how much do you make now#four hundred a week off the books
sounds good pops#here's my number if you need it  when can you start
here's my number if you need it  when can you start#tomorrow night i get off at eight
tomorrow night i get off at eight#see you then  oh and do not call me pops
snuff films#i heard you asking  that guy was not yanking you around  there's no such thing
i heard you asking  that guy was not yanking you around  there's no such thing#what other ways are there to get illegal films  who do you see
where are your parents#i do not know where are yours
i do not know where are yours#i do not mean any offense but what are you doing mixed up in all this
i do not mean any offense but what are you doing mixed up in all this#i am not mixed up in anything hayseed  what are you talking about
i am not mixed up in anything hayseed  what are you talking about#you just strike me as smart enough to be doing something else
what about me#i see a ring on your finger  you have any kids
i see a ring on your finger  you have any kids#a daughter
dino velvet yeah he is like the john luc godard of sm flicks supposed to be a real weirdo#a weirdo making sm films  who would have thought it
a weirdo making sm films  who would have thought it#his stuff comes out of new york bondage and fetish videos gothic hardcore  definitely not for the squeamish
his stuff comes out of new york bondage and fetish videos gothic hardcore  definitely not for the squeamish#specialty product
specialty product#you are learning
you are learning#where does he sell it
alright i get the picture#he cuts all kinds of other stuff into his movies photographs newsreel footage subliminal images thinks he is making art
he cuts all kinds of other stuff into his movies photographs newsreel footage subliminal images thinks he is making art#well i am in new york now  what do you say to flying out and giving me a hand
well i am in new york now  what do you say to flying out and giving me a hand#i am a working stiff pops
i am a working stiff pops#take a vacation  i will pay you four hundred a day plus expenses
take a vacation  i will pay you four hundred a day plus expenses#you want me to come out there and play private eye
you want me to come out there and play private eye#consider it  meanwhile dig up whatever dino velvet films you can get receipts  i will call back
consider it  meanwhile dig up whatever dino velvet films you can get receipts  i will call back#see ya
you did not say it was gonna be this luxurious#it is their presidential suite
oh come on man what are we doing in this flea bag#it is cheap and people know to mind their own business what have you got for me
who is he#i told you he is one of dino velvet's stock players
i told you he is one of dino velvet's stock players#who is he his name
you do not need to be here#what kind of junior pi would i be if i did not go with you
i know if i had to pick it would be choke or devil#devil frightened me as much as it excited me but i would be hard pressed to choose a favorite
that is next#i am trying to figure that out myself  i have to see machine without his mask
i am trying to figure that out myself  i have to see machine without his mask#still do not want to tell me what you are doing
that is this#it is money  people use it to purchase goods and services
mister welles you are very prompt#i try to be
uh huh pleasure#apparently mr longdale has something he feels he simply must say before you and i speak
have a pleasant evening  will you have tea mister welles#thank you
he is odd#he is a lawyer  please sit here
i have been privileged to provide services for people i admire#you are highly recommended  praised for your discretion your strict adherence to confidentiality
as you know my husband passed away recently  two weeks ago now#my condolences
my condolences#his passing has left me with something of a dilemma  a terrible terrible dilemma
his passing has left me with something of a dilemma  a terrible terrible dilemma#i will do whatever i can to help
do you carry a gun mr welles#i wear a gun when i can tell a client expects me to  other than that there's never any reason
i wear a gun when i can tell a client expects me to  other than that there's never any reason#just curious
do you want to tell me what you found#cash stock certificates and this
it is a film of a girl being murdered#i am afraid i do not
will you watch it and see for yourself#of course  but i am certain it is nothing to worry about
you you need to go to the police#i told you i cannot not yet
i told you i cannot not yet#you do not have any other choice
i deal in divorce cases  corporate investigations#you have found missing persons before
you have found missing persons before#nothing remotely like this
my husband never dealt with money personally certainly not cash#i am not positive this means anything
i am not positive this means anything#the checks were for odd amounts
okay i follow you so far#totalled together these five checks from five different accounts they equal one million dollars
totalled together these five checks from five different accounts they equal one million dollars#you are joking
you are joking#to the penny  exactly one million dollars in cash
i am here#do you think the film could have cost that much
you told me to look so i looked#you are one hell of a detective mrs christian
mrs christian tom welles here#how are you  having any luck
how are you  having any luck#i do not know if luck's the word are you feeling alright
i do not know if luck's the word are you feeling alright#i have been ordered into bed  the doctor says i have gotten the flu or some other wretched ailment
i have been ordered into bed  the doctor says i have gotten the flu or some other wretched ailment#i hope it is nothing serious
i hope it is nothing serious#nothing more than a bother  have you any news for me
i have got about five thousand left in cash but i will need another thirty if you approve#how will i get it to you
how will i get it to you#if you have a pencil and paper i will tell you how to send it
what was the name  i have got it here somewhere#neil neil cole
neil neil cole#right agent cole told me he would call and let you know to expect me  he did not call
they hired you  you are like a private detective#that is exactly what i am
what was she running from#i do not know
i do not know#if there's anything you feel uncomfortable talking about tell me but i have to ask  your husband he committed suicide
september 4th 1993  about a year after mary disappeared#we were divorced by then  things fell apart he was living with a friend
we were divorced by then  things fell apart he was living with a friend#why do you think he did it
why do you think he did it#it got to be too much for him
i had to ask  i apologize#no one knows what it is like  you cannot even imagine how much it hurts
people remember me from the news  can you drive me back now#of course
we are all like that#are you religious
there was not one  the police looked#do you think the police did a good job
do you think the police did a good job#i do not know  i think so
how how can you say that to me#will you let me look
will you let me look#my husband never laid a hand on her she would have told me she would have told me
i think about it everyday  but every time the phone rings every single time i still think it is her#it is been six years
mrs mathews  it is thomas  do you remember i was there a few weeks ago asking about your daughter#i remember  you just left
what are you talking about #she went to california to los angeles she wanted to start over she wanted to be an actress
mrs mathews your daughter is dead she is dead#who is this 
who are you#they brought her into the room one man he put a knife to her throat and he raped her
he raped her andandand he murdered herhe cut her up with knifes#no no no
no no no#they killed her and they took her out in the forest somewhere and they buried her
they killed her and they took her out in the forest somewhere and they buried her#why why are you doing this to me 
yes i remember mary#you you do  you are sure please sister will you take another look make sure
you you do  you are sure please sister will you take another look make sure#yes  i remember her
do you know what happened to her#i am trying to find out  she was a runaway  i am looking into it for her parents
what is this#those are her belongings
those are her belongings#her belongings
her belongings#that is her suitcase  i had forgotten it till you showed me her picture
none too discreet is he#no sir he is not
no sir he is not#he is an imbecile  i tried to warn my daughter but what can you do
the um you will find my invoice in the envelope if that is all#yes mister welles thank you
yes mister welles thank you#certainly senator  if i can ever be of further assistance
okay i will take it all#excellent  we accept mastercard and american express
alright  may i have your phone number area code first#no you may not
no you may not#okay  fine
yeah i know the spiel  if you could bag it i will be on my way thank you#certainly sir
the mirror  you cannot see yourself in it#i do not want to
yeah  she would be half as strict as you#but she would not let dad treat me like that
but she would not let dad treat me like that#look you gotta stand up for yourself learn to fight back
ricki cannot#never say cannot  just do what i do
alice you think you can leave#that is wrong
that is wrong#kincaid and joey died last night
i heard you screaming  was it a bad one#it was bad
it was bad#does not the dream master work for you anymore
does not the dream master work for you anymore#i cannot find him
hey since when do you play thomas edison  this looks like sheila's#it iswas it is a zapper it might help me stay awake
it iswas it is a zapper it might help me stay awake#yeah or turn you into toast
i cannot go back to sleep again#i have not slept much either  since kristen
here you are  where were you this morning  rick's looking all over for you#have you seen joey and kincaid  god i cannot find them  i cannot find them anywhere
have you seen joey and kincaid  god i cannot find them  i cannot find them anywhere#i am sure they are around
i am sure they are around#yeah i am not so sure
i love to dream i just hate ones about my dad#you could do worse
my mom taught me when i was little  did you ever hear of the dream master#sounds like a game show host to me
i daydream  you have to dream about some place fun  remember you are in control#how would you learn so much about dreams
how would you learn so much about dreams#when they are all you have you kinda become an expert
you what#when i used to have nightmares  i brought my friends in to help me  until they all started dying
kristen what happened#you will hear all kinds of stories they will tell you it was murder but it was not
you in a hurry#i gotta get to the library before it closes  killer physics test
i gotta get to the library before it closes  killer physics test#i know  i hardly have any time to study
ohhhhbaby i am dead on my feet#we have matching luggage
you have been up all night#that obvious huh
that obvious huh#then you saw him too
you are his sister right#rick stayed later after school with kristen  she was not feeling very well
rick stayed later after school with kristen  she was not feeling very well#tell him i was looking for him okay  i am dan
tell him i was looking for him okay  i am dan#i know  uhalice
i was there in the dream  he took her it was awful  it was awful#in her dream
no do not  i gave sheila to him and now she is dead#kristengs story really got to her
i have been working double shifts#extra money huh
extra money huh#look you know why you just do not believe me
no offense or anything but it is kind of hard to swallow#the story is the deaths you cannot argue with
how long have you been awake#three days
not really#is there something we can do
is there something we can do#i do not think so  i guess this is my own war
why cannot we just talk to the authorities#yeah right  let's trade death by freddy for life in a rubber room  adults will not see it they cannot
yeah right  let's trade death by freddy for life in a rubber room  adults will not see it they cannot#then what else can we do
he is going after debbie i gotta stop him#hey you are not alone  we have to stop him i am with you
hey you are not alone  we have to stop him i am with you#you just feel sorry for me
you just feel sorry for me#cut that shit out  maybe before but not now i want to help you i am on your side
as long as your driving does not kill us#it is okay we are just about there
he is going after debbie  i gotta stop him#you know i get the weirdest feeling we have been through this before
here we are#something's wrong here  it feels like
what the hell was that#debbie  she is gone  i havecollected her like the others
you look great#save it for later  come on
rick please#alright i think i see salvation
i think sheila's more interested in dissecting bodies than just admiring them#give her time  beauty is skin deep
asthma attackwhat 17year old has a fatal asthma attack  she was gonna be a doctor#it was freddy
it was freddy#enough of that crap
enough of that crap#i saw it it was my dream  i brought sheila in
ttthanks alice#earth to alice
hey rick#excuse me ladies  i will just be a moment
i do not get it#let me talk to you
it pissed off a lot of parents according to kristen they hunted him down roasted him alive#nice neighborhood
hey man we are all sorry#she knew she was gonna die
been up with alice#how she doing  i ran into her last night
that is wrong with me#your distraught  it will help
honey we went over this in therapy#mother you have just murdered me  take that to your goddamn therapy
what is it#oh god  he killed them
now you know who and what freddy really is#i though freddy was just an old town story
i though freddy was just an old town story#it is no story  it happened  freddy's real and he is back
i will tell you later#it is no just a house it is his home he is waiting there for meto dream
it is no just a house it is his home he is waiting there for meto dream#it is okay babe  we are with you
it is okay babe  we are with you#i told you you cannot help  this is not a normal nightmare i am doomed
feeling better now#yeah  i guess so what happened
yeah  i guess so what happened#you had a nasty bump
i gotta get out of here#you just stay put  you need rest
you just stay put  you need rest#you do not get it he is after me
you do not get it he is after me#do not worry honey
excuse us dear#it is okay dan
frankly dear we wondered what you intend to do with our baby#what i what  well i have thought about it  i plan to keep him
look i appreciate what you are offering but no  he is my responsibility#and ours  it is our grandchild
in your present condition alice we are worried about your ability #what are you talking about  my condition
we know you have been through a lot but there's more than your feelings at stake here#you are not taking my baby
should not you be in your room jacob#it is lonely in there in my room
it is lonely in there in my room#my name is
i am sorry your boyfriend got killed#how did you know that
how did you know that#i could tell you were sad  i just wanted to see if you were all right
hi you do not look very well  are you feeling all right#been having bad dreams
i do not think this is a nice place for you to be  maybe we should go find your mom#she does not want me around
she does not want me around#ohi am sure that is not true  i will bet she is very worried about you  i would be
who says i do not like you#my friend with the funny hand
where is he#he is inside you where he hides
what do you mean#it is where he hides out  inside  that is how he found me
but how#he says it is easy  especially with sad people  with closedoff people
hi beautiful#jesus  do not do that
jesus  do not do that#sorry babe
the tickets#they are coach seats but the plane lands in paris  it is gonna be a helluva summer hon
they are coach seats but the plane lands in paris  it is gonna be a helluva summer hon#i know
okay babe  that is the matter#nothingit is justi did not see my father at the ceremony
nothingit is justi did not see my father at the ceremony#he will show up  c'mon that is really wrong
you stopped it did not you  it was probably just a regular bad dream#yeahi guess
yeahi guess#you do not dream him up he cannot hurt you  or me  or us  remember
you do not dream him up he cannot hurt you  or me  or us  remember#you are right
you are right#there you go  love you
there you go  love you#me too
that is in the past  unless you have stopped going to the meetings#no  a deal's a deal
where are we going#to take a picture
thanks for everything dad#you sure you do not want a ride to work
you sure you do not want a ride to work#it is just across the park
i am so sorry honey#daddy he is coming backkrueger's coming back  make them understand
since when are you such a smart shopper#since my little girl became a mom
since my little girl became a mom#you disappointed in me
i have got to go#no  i will not have you running around in the middle of the night  you are coming home
no  i will not have you running around in the middle of the night  you are coming home#but dad 
hey that is wrong with you  let's see a smile#had kind of a long night
had kind of a long night#dan keeping you up again  put a lock on that window girl
dan keeping you up again  put a lock on that window girl#no the dan part was nice
good to see you again mr grey  i have got to go find dan#yeah before they revoke his diploma
have you visited the little boy on my floor  jacob the one who looks kind of sad#there are not any little boys on your floor
there are not any little boys on your floor#he must have wandered up from the childrengs ward  i just wondered what was wrong with him
did everyone call everyone#they are waiting for usbut let's keep this dream stuff between you and me
that is that got to do with it#when dan died you were not even asleep you said so  end of story
it was just an accident  like with dan#no accident  i tried to warn all of you about krueger
you had me scared on the phone  that is wrong with the baby#i think krueger's trying to do something to it
oh aliceno  honey i love you but you are going to have to get a hold of yourself#mark knows i am not crazy  ask him to show you his hands
i really think you need to calm down now okay#i just cannot figure out how he is getting in when i am awake
krueger is reality#and so is your baby  you have got more than just yourself to think of now
lookwe are all tired  none of us had any sleep since friday night#that is the only reason you are alive
are you alright#yeahso that is him  and you are not crazy
you think that is the place she is buried#if they actually bothered to bury her
you do good work alice#so did dan
he sure loves to stay awake#that is okay  he is got the rest of his life to catch up on his sleep
give up mark it is hopeless#i think i am starting to wear her down  have some anyway
not to mention the heartbreak of psoriasis#greta come on  one burger with me
my dad's got this thing about drinking in the house#well we gotta do something
i have got to write some of this down#that is why it is my fault dangs dead
mark are you okay#yeah  i am just aces
i want to talk to both you guys about greta  and#i am very fucking sorry but greta is dead today  could we interest you in someone else
i thought about that#she must have fallen asleep at the table
do you think i am an idiotfor being in love with her#nobody thinks that
tell me some more about this krueger guy#why do not i go make some coffee  there's a lot to tell
who's jacob#my baby
my baby#what you named it already
whoa slow down  how are you gonna hide from a guy like that leave the planet#i do not know
where are you going#i am going to see what else i can find out about mr fred krueger
i could not do that mark  he is my last link with danno i want him#then we will find another way
they think i am nuts#that is their problem
they could not prove it  no body  nuns bumping themselves off is bad for business#but i have seen her grave
but i have seen her grave#empty plot  memorial stone  vacant they never did put her under  cool huh
poor woman#no shit
i do not understand#she killed herself  her soul's gonna be in torment
yeah when are you gonna come to your senses#next life  oh that is that
next life  oh that is that#my undying love  have some
meet me later  milkshakes  cherry pie banana splits  and no mom#pimples heartburn cellulite and no modeling career
that club sucks they card everybody let's just party at your place#you know my mother  get real  what about alice's
oh man  i could have gone all night without looking at that#i do not believe this all that gore you paint in the comics and you are squeamish
these things are wild  what do you think#makes you look like a nun
have another one sounds like you need it#naah i am done  got to be on shift in a couple hours  are not you going in
stop saying that it is bullshit#i want to talk about the baby
bottom line alice  anybody supernatural or not that wants to hurt you  he will have to go through us first#all of us  right
dan  and he is taking alice with him  pretty good dive yvonne  you have been practicing#two hours a day six days a week
it is okay#stick around please
you too#he invited me to his house last night
i should have suspectcd when i heard that  wouldoctor'  i thought it was your father#it was supposed to be  dad had a heart attack two days ago
it was supposed to be  dad had a heart attack two days ago#how is he  
how is he  #it was moderate  he will be all right  but it was out of the question his coming along
it was moderate  he will be all right  but it was out of the question his coming along#and they thought uyouu could re place the skipper
what is it#your 'out'  this came for you 
your 'out'  this came for you #my father  he is not  
my father  he is not  #dead  matter of fact he is much better he is left the hospital
we are uallu risking our lives#that may be  but dad stays where uheu is and i am staying here
that may be  but dad stays where uheu is and i am staying here#you are really a mixedup oddball are not you
unidentified flying objects#thenthis is a 'flying saucer'
maybe  just 'maybe'  when their ship does not return  they will decide not to come here after all#but if they udou
but if they udou#i do not know
but julie's a nice girl and i have seen you work  she deserves a fighting chance#helen  i appeal to you 
uthat isu the worst possible moment#what could be worse than disappoint ing a little girl
what could be worse than disappoint ing a little girl#disappointing a ubigu girl
i guess skipper neilsen re tired before you enrolled at the academy did not he#i guess
have you ever talked to carl  tried to see his side#'his' side  i have seen it all right a nice bright yellow
we are stuck tight#skipper  look at the depth gauge
you all wait here  i am going inside take a look#not ualoneu you are not
i think you are right#go back and tell dr neilsen have him report to the skipper
hey  you know something  it is getting lighter in here#you know  it uisu
and if i did not uknowu better  i would swear we were moving#let's get back to work and maybe we uwillu be soon
you hear that#the sound again
where do you think the voice you heard was coming from#somewhere down there
somewhere down there#wonder where powell and carney are
wonder where powell and carney are#we will have to look for them later
here  keep these  it wants me to come alone#oh it does
get ready  we shove off as soon as griff reports all the crew aboard#right skipper
is there any way out of it#seems to be all around
seems to be all around#what about down
what about down#ido not know
course and speed#speedabout twentytwo knots coursedue north
what course skipper#right at our oneeyed friend
you better take powell and carney with you #the frogmen
the frogmen#with their underwater experience they will be invaluable  take sidearms and flare pistols 
with their underwater experience they will be invaluable  take sidearms and flare pistols #sidearms  but the saucer's dead
sidearms  but the saucer's dead#we hope
excuse me skipper#yes griff
yes griff#all internal repairs completed and frogmen report exterior damage minor
skipper  could you take a look here#something wrong
something wrong#the inertial navigation system must have been knocked out in the crash
the inertial navigation system must have been knocked out in the crash#why do you say that
why do you say that#we are dead in the water  but it indicates we are moving
now they feel itdown below#radiation levelconstantly rising
it does not seem possible but  could it be an electrical storm center  #under uwateru
under uwateru#highintensity arcs will burn submerged  and millions of voltsdischarged in random directions
above murmansk and finland#suppose our theorizing is correct then this ucouldu be the next danger point
suppose our theorizing is correct then this ucouldu be the next danger point#what if the tiger shark were to anticipate a bit  perhaps be lying there waiting  
in such a way as to prevent his returning to it and as you put it   arecharging his batteries'#if we were lucky enough to catch him with his power depleted
the radiation level  from the saucer  it is rising#what direction does the system indicate
as we near the pole#there's got to be an explanation
there's got to be an explanation#there is  i believe our friendcyclops is returning to life
all ready#as ready as we ucanu be  i will report to the skipper
i am  afraid i have some bad news for you reef   you will have to share quarters this trip#who with
who with#dr neilsen  he will be  
what do you think#i think i should have joined the air force
determine extent of damage immediately#after torpedo room  report
you are sure it is cyclops#take a look
that is the running time#thirtyfour seconds
right uatu him#that is what i said
that is what i said#but  what can we accomplish
but  what can we accomplish#we can uramu him
straight to the pole  at almost fifty knots#nothing we can do now
that is the corrected bearing to the magnetic pole#minus three
remove your weapons commander and come here  alone#come where
that is a ufaceu#point of view is everything to us uyouru form of life is ugly as we appear to you
point of view is everything to us uyouru form of life is ugly as we appear to you#tell me something  why can uiu hear you when the others could not
my mission is to study various solar systems and planets  select the most suitable for colonization # for horrors like yourself
he did#i am afraid not  therefore 
why not me  what am i  the closing act#on the contrary  i want you  unharmed  perfect
it is a living thing  when damaged  you would say 'wounded'  it immediately 'heals' itself#that is why no water leaked inside when we rammed you
that is why no water leaked inside when we rammed you#of course  but it is time to be gin the return voyage 
my yeoman will show you to your quarters#thank you
well i will be  #i will be another
you plotted the course of cyclops  then that is uouru course  wherever uheu goes uweu gountil we get him#or perhaps until he gets us
we have asked ourselves that  over and over  a thousand times#but uanswersu are what we need  not more questions
due north  at five knotsno six#toward the pole
cyclops will have to linger at the pole to recharge his power banks#all right  go to it
you got yourself a computer alma#been putting my files into it you take sugar and milk
been putting my files into it you take sugar and milk#no black
alma i think there's some dirty business going on in this town#always has been
if jack told the truth he could be free by the time he is my age#sometimes things are simpler than you think let me ask you a question
sometimes things are simpler than you think let me ask you a question#you do not believe me
you do not believe me#about jack no have you checked out the tax bill on your father's farm lately
has anybody offered to buy it#as a mater of fact yes lariviere
this is from three years ago some difference huh#what is the northcountry development association
what are you boys up to#same old shit
the good news is we have not got to your car yet the bad news #just tell me when you will have it fixed
tell me#chub says you are fired
chub says you are fired#he cannot fire me lariviere already did that this morning
it would help if you were married if there was someone at home while you work#i plan to soon
i plan to soon#how soon
how soon#this spring
fine i will need a $500 retainer you can mail it#jesus how much how much will the whole thing cost
you heard the news#i hear twombley got shot
lawyer i do not need no lawyer do i#no of course not just say it that is all
he is on to us#shit what are we gonna do
shit what are we gonna do#maybe i can buy him off i gotta talk to mel
maybe i can buy him off i gotta talk to mel#you cannot buy wade off
you cannot buy wade off#we bought you
we bought you#that was me
done much shooting with that rifle yet#tell you what you get me close to a big buck by ten kid there's another hundred bucks in it
tell you what you get me close to a big buck by ten kid there's another hundred bucks in it#if you get it
you might not kill it#you think so
i am okay#follow close we will cross the next meadow
drafted by the red sox#you played for the sox
you played for the sox#double a new britain
the only difference between me and that clemens on tv is luck shit luck#what happened
this way#sungs gettin high
sungs gettin high#deers have ears too
fresh tracks  deer shit big one here's your buck mr twombley i will circle around#you only got a little while if you want your hundred bucks
do not mind if i do#lariviere's having a hell of a time in there master of fucking ceremonies
lariviere's having a hell of a time in there master of fucking ceremonies#where is that gun you were bragging on today
no brag just fact#got you for  450 500 bucks 
i thought i told you to move that truck#relax chief we are leaving you wanna toke
how would you get the job#gordon he is always got some angle working he wants to keep twombley happy i am his boy
like you and gordon#right the sonofabitch could not get along without me
right the sonofabitch could not get along without me#yeah he would go broke tomorrow if you quit him
where would twombley get shot#in the chest
in the chest#no i mean whereabouts
no i mean whereabouts#a half mile in along the old lumber road
a half mile in along the old lumber road#you bring him up yourself that is a steep climb
you bring him up yourself that is a steep climb#the ambulance guys lugged him up
the ambulance guys lugged him up#you stayed away
where would you get the blood#what blood
what blood#on your sleeve
on your sleeve#musta how would i know what are you doing playing cop
who the fuck knows musta slipped or something i just heard the gun go off#i never seen a man shot before not even in the service must be something
i never seen a man shot before not even in the service must be something#well i did not actually see him do it like i said
well i did not actually see him do it like i said#sure you did
saw him do it#what the fuck you telling me wade i never seen the guy get shot i told you that
what the fuck you telling me wade i never seen the guy get shot i told you that#you musta seen him get shot i know you did
you musta seen him get shot i know you did#let's get the fuck outta here you are not making any sense man
twombley sure as hell will not be shooting it again#he sure as hell will not
open the door will ya#why do not you quit now you want out so bad
why do not you quit now you want out so bad#open the door we are late
those are the hoyts#i do not care they are out
why do they do that#do what
do what#you know
you know#break stuff
break stuff#yeah it is stupid
yeah it is stupid#i guess they are stupid
i guess they are stupid#did you do that when you were a kid
was it funny#to us it was
to us it was#but it is not funny now
i bet you did lots of bad things#what are you talking about
what are you talking about#i just think you used to be bad
i just think you used to be bad#no i did not used to be bad no sir where do you get this stuff from your mother
no i did not used to be bad no sir where do you get this stuff from your mother#no she does not talk about you anymore
go on jill some of those kids you still know#i do not want to
i do not want to#why why not you know these kids from when you went to school here it has not been that long
why why not you know these kids from when you went to school here it has not been that long#it is not that
it is not that#what then
what then#it is stupid
it is stupid#it is fun
it is fun#i want to go home  i do not like it here
i called mommy#what you called mommy just now
jesus why#i because i want to go home she said she would come and get me
see i knew you would be mad#yeah yeah right i am mad what would you tell her for christ sake
yeah yeah right i am mad what would you tell her for christ sake#i told her i wanted to come home daddy do not be mad at me
are we going in this#yeah my car's in the shop this will be fine
yeah my car's in the shop this will be fine#it is pretty old
it is pretty old#it belongs to pop
how about a big mac#mommy will not let me eat fast food you know that it is bad for you
mommy will not let me eat fast food you know that it is bad for you#c'mon we can always sneak a big mac and a cherry turnover your favorite what do you say
you cannot have nothing jill we need lunch mr pizza#same thing daddy mommy says 
same thing daddy mommy says #i know what mommy says i am in charge today though
i know what mommy says i am in charge today though#okay so we will get what you want what do you want
please do not cry please honey#what are you sorry for
i want to go home#you cannot
that is illegal you know#i know
i know#you are a policeman
you are a policeman#nope not anymore i am nothing anymore
jill please it is alright nothing happened#i want to go home
i want to go home#okay let's go home then
we are looking for the funniest costume and the scariest and the most imaginative and the best costume of all#got here just in time go ahead jump in line maybe you will win a prize
tomorrow gordon#watch this snow it is coming down tonight
told you the snow was coming down take the grader#where is the plow
where is the plow#jimmy took it jack's out hunting with evan twombley
jimmy took it jack's out hunting with evan twombley#his soninlaw damn near killed me
at the school crossing in his bmw coulda hurt some kids i am gonna bust his ass#do not go playing policeman
do not go playing policeman#what am i  a security guard you hired me you and your selectman friends
what am i  a security guard you hired me you and your selectman friends#you do not want the extra police pay
you do not want the extra police pay#i am not saying that
fuck you#that is what i love about a small town you know everybody
that is the hurry#a hunting accident jack and twombley
fuck turn it off  all you heard was there was some kinda accident#twombley's shot i heard that not jack he is okay i assume
twombley's shot i heard that not jack he is okay i assume#fuck you do not know how bad or anything
fuck you do not know how bad or anything#you mean twombley
you mean twombley#yes wade i mean twombley put out that cigarette fuck fuck fuck
he more than likely just shot himself in the foot or something that is what usually happens#i shoulda sent you instead of jack
i shoulda sent you instead of jack#i wish you had i would rather be deer hunting instead of freezing my ass on that fucking grader
i wish you had i would rather be deer hunting instead of freezing my ass on that fucking grader#you ai not the hunter jack is and he cannot drive the grader worth shit
you ai not the hunter jack is and he cannot drive the grader worth shit#like hell
that must have been twombley jesus i bet that was twombley#you want me to follow them to littleton
it ai not done if that is what you mean#something bugging you
something bugging you#yeah a few things
how you holding up wade#i am fine fine
i am fine fine#you rolfe  i remember you from high school you are a teacher now harvard
sorry about the long lunch my clutch is going out again#you ever think of getting a new car wade
you ever think of getting a new car wade#on what you pay me
on what you pay me#elaine call chub meritt and have him pick up wade's car fix the clutch
want to buy#do not light that in here i am allergic
do not light that in here i am allergic#i will not you interested
you and mel gordon#could be
i do not want her to go lillian#do not cause a scene no one's trying to win any 'rounds' do not make it any worse
you ever come to your father's grave anymore#no not anymore it is too it is too far
no not anymore it is too it is too far#we should talk
we should talk#we have done all our talking wade
we have done all our talking wade#it is just
wait there she will be right out  is there snow on the ground up in lawford#yeah lots
yeah lots#see get your boots
see get your boots#hi honey
no problem look i#you make me sick i cannot believe you have sunk so low
you make me sick i cannot believe you have sunk so low#low as what what have i done it is bad to want to see your own daughter
are you okay wade what was wrong why were you holding everyone up#did you see that sonofabitch in the bmw he could have killed somebody
did you see that sonofabitch in the bmw he could have killed somebody#did you get his number
did you get his number#i know who it is
i know who it is#good who
good who#mel gordon
mel gordon#i still do not understand 
new hat  jill's up i see#for a while
for a while#how is she doing
how is she doing#okay she is fine
okay she is fine#you two want to do anything tomorrow and need a third party give me a call okay i am off
do not worry i can protect my virtue i mean c'mon wade give me a break#see you tomorrow maybe
see you tomorrow maybe#you okay
i am sorry about what i said#said what
said what#about you and jill and needing a third person she went back to lillian
about you and jill and needing a third person she went back to lillian#forget it
forget it#i am sorry
i am sorry#i am going to start one of those custody suits i do not give a fucking shit you know
you do not mean that#yeah i mean that
call me#tonight let's get together
jack's sort of sensitive i guess more than most but he will be okay in a few weeks#there's something funny about that shooting there's lots funny about it actually
jack does not need money#everybody needs money except guys like twombley and that sonofabitch soninlaw of his people like that
everybody needs money except guys like twombley and that sonofabitch soninlaw of his people like that#jack would not kill for it besides who would pay him
i can see what you looked like as a kid#you knew me as a kid
what way#after making love i like it it is nice to see that in a grownup person
after making love i like it it is nice to see that in a grownup person#it is nice
oh wade#i have been thinking about it that is all
i have been thinking about it that is all#you have been married twice 
did you tell them  that we were coming#do not you think it is proper for a fella to introduce his girl to his parents
do not you think it is proper for a fella to introduce his girl to his parents#i know your parents
i know your parents#i just want to pick up my divorce papers for the lawyer it will not take long
are you sure they are home did you call#the truck's here looks like they have stayed inside since the snow started
think they are alright#of course i would have heard
what happened#jesus christ pop let's go home i got waylaid sorry
what on earth is happening to you why are you acting this way#it is my tooth my fucking tooth i cannot even think anymore because of it
it is my tooth my fucking tooth i cannot even think anymore because of it#i heard you talking you got fired this morning did not you
do not lie to me you are leaving me i can see that#do not be silly hi jill
have you been heating the house not just with the stove#there's a furnace
there's a furnace#you are not using it today
you are not using it today#it is broke i guess there's an electric in the bedroom
it is broke i guess there's an electric in the bedroom#maybe wade should take a look at it your pipes will freeze  wade would you do that
coffee's perked#when did she die
when did she die#is she is dead then
whitehouse next time phone ahead#how is that
what the hell are you talking about#i am issuing you a ticket moving violation
yesterday morning you passed a stopped school bus which was flashing its lights then you#hold on
hold on#do not ever put your hands on me mr gordon
do not give me a hard time mr gordon i am just #doing your fucking job i know i watch television too
doing your fucking job i know i watch television too#yes here's your ticket
who are you#i was i am wade whitehouse i was wondering is your husband here
i was i am wade whitehouse i was wondering is your husband here#he is asleep we were up very late
he is asleep we were up very late#well yes i am i want to say that i am real sorry about your father mrs twombley
well yes i am i want to say that i am real sorry about your father mrs twombley#mrs gordon thank you
something about my father#oh no no it is a it is a traffic thing no big deal
oh no no it is a it is a traffic thing no big deal#cannot it wait then
take care wade#you be careful of that little bastard he is dying to get in your pants you know
i am not finding fault it is a good idea good for you good for the town real modern too#this town sucks
you talked to jack#not since last night he took a guy hunting
not since last night he took a guy hunting#the fucker shot himself kerbang that is what it sounds like not on purpose i assume accidental
the other guy#where how would you hear that
jillie you want a cheese grilled sandwich#it is called a grilled cheese sandwich you dub
his office you mean my old office#well i guess  that is what he said
well i guess  that is what he said#he got his deer yet
you remember margie fogg#from wickham's been a while like some coffee
from wickham's been a while like some coffee#how you and ma doing have not seen you in town for a while
how you and ma doing have not seen you in town for a while#we are alright your ma's sleeping you want me to get her
where is ma#she is coming
is there something wrong with the phone#in the living room
in the living room#why did not you call and have the furnace fixed
why did not you call and have the furnace fixed#wade i thought she was alright till this morning she was
pop for christ's sake#you think you can take me now come on try
love what the fuck do you know about love#love i am made of love
love i am made of love#call it what you want
call it what you want#everything you know is from me
nothing in the fucking house to drink not a fucking thing my house my money my truck  stolen#i do not know you my goddamn father and i do not know you
it will come out jack lied and the kid will get hung for it#he was scheduled to testify for a committee investigating organized crime in new england and the construction business
no shit#you think jack shot him
you think jack shot him#well it was an accident
well it was an accident#they were out deer hunting right jack probably heard the gun go off then came back and found the body
the night before the shooting#how was she
how was she#picked up jill she was supposed to visit for the weekend for halloween she wanted to go home
jill i was thinking of getting a lawyer maybe you can help me#what happened
what happened#a divorce lawyer a custody lawyer you know 'cause of jill
do not think about it you are exhausted#yeah i guess
yeah i guess#get some sleep
have not you already done a bit of that#no no i have not not really i have growled a little but i have not bit
pointless to stand around in church with nothing to do i guess#what about jill is lillian bringing her
anyone else want one rolfe#no thanks i do not drink
no thanks i do not drink#yeah i forgot
what about margie#what about her
what about her#well do you still plan to get married
anything new about the shooting twombley#i guess it was an accident like everybody thinks
i guess it was an accident like everybody thinks#want to know what i think happened
find them everywhere #i think your first response to the twombley shooting was the correct one
i think your first response to the twombley shooting was the correct one#which is
which is#that it was not an accident
that it was not an accident#then who shot him
then who shot him#well your friend i think jack hewitt
well your friend i think jack hewitt#motive you gotta have a motive
who would pay him that kind of money not the mob they got their own guys specialists#they would not deal with a guy like jack who else benefits if twombley is suddenly dead
they would not deal with a guy like jack who else benefits if twombley is suddenly dead#i do not know you tell me
so mel gordon would not want a professional hit that would make the feds dig deeper he wants an accident#a hunting accident is perfect
not particularly#right's right goddamnit do not you care that is right
right's right goddamnit do not you care that is right#i care about what happened the truth i am a student of history remember
i hate to disappoint you but i do not think it happened#of course it happened why would i lie about it
of course it happened why would i lie about it#it may have happened but not the way you said
it may have happened but not the way you said#you think i would not remember a thing like that
we would have to go digging in vietnam to ask him#and elbourne and mom took you to the doctor and told him you fell from the hay loft
and elbourne and mom took you to the doctor and told him you fell from the hay loft#well i never heard that one
i know what it means i am just running out of ways to use it#for what
it is not like he has not made us wait a few times#well you are not the president dear
well you are not the president dear#yeah no duh
you do not want to say hi to your father#i am sure he is busy
i am sure he is busy#do not you even want to ask
mom just this once give it a rest#you are jetlagged  we will talk about this back
you are jetlagged  we will talk about this back#back at the fishbowl
he is in a meeting  he cannot be disturbed#i am sorry honey
i am sorry honey#no it is okay  after all he is the president right
when i write my memoirs i think i will devote an entire chapter to the cocoa aboard air force one#your father never means to be so
some kids were teasing you#that is not really the point
you are right and i will tell you a secret  i know exactly how you feel#big secret  you said the same thing to newsweek
yes dear#i am sorry i was so mean to you earlier
daddy daddy please#jim for godsake
i do not drink coffee#you must be tired it will wake you up
you must be tired it will wake you up#no thank you the gunfire did that
you are one of stravanavitch's men#so you study world events little one that is good for a girl your age
smart for your age eh top of your class tell me do you know what the word &quotpropaganda&quot means#yeah do you know what the word &quotasshole&quot means
the woman you shot she was my friend#that is the way of the world little one did not they teach you that in school
fuck off you stupid asshole#it would be a pity to squander such a strong personality
he did not leave us#you are a resilient man mr
oooooh i am good#hey you guys back already
how was  the ballet#it was the experience of a lifetime
it was the experience of a lifetime#how bout a hug for the old man
how you doing sweetie#been better dad you
oh ny god oh my god oh my god#it is okay honey i got you i got you you are okay
there they are#okay i am slowing us down
the americans say they are escorting a damaged plane our pilots confirm they are surrounding a 747#did we warn them off
did we warn them off#yes they refused to alter course and the 747 would not answer our hails
it is some kind of trick a preliminary airstrike in response to our troop movement#they are in our airspace we would be within our rights
they are in our airspace we would be within our rights#the world would not look on us kindly if we shot down a civilian airliner
the pilot says it is does not have the markings of a commercial jet#warn then again if they do not respond shoot them down we will not be intimidated
do you see the maintenance panel#got it
got it#pop it open there should be a red switch toggle it up
pop it open there should be a red switch toggle it up#okay it is on we have got some indicator lights here
it is cut#cross it  the static overwhelms the voice then cuts out
us pilots this is air force one#copy air force one welcome to the party
mr president it is an honor now with your permission can we lead you the fuck out of here#you read my mind
you read my mind#put your pilot on
put your pilot on#he is busy being dead
who's flying the fucking plane#i am doing what i can
two and three are heading toward the boeing#okay we are gonna arc a fat one to the right got it
okay we are gonna arc a fat one to the right got it#got it
got it#stay cool
how we doing colonel#we still got three migs running around and six more on the way
uh we got a problem here#just stay on my wing sir i will take you all the way in
just stay on my wing sir i will take you all the way in#no we are losing fuel and my rudder's not responding
no we are losing fuel and my rudder's not responding#lemme take a look
aw man you are torn up pretty bad out here sir do you have any elevater control#sluggish i think it is jammed too
sluggish i think it is jammed too#uh tower we got a problem up here
he is dead then they must have killed him#we do not know that
we do not know that#holding the president hostage is not something that slips your mind when you are making demands
walter if you have a point make it#that kid's name was jim marshall
they are not answering their hails#this does not make sense
they have got no chutes they cannot control the plane their engines are failing and they are losing fuel#i prefered the terrorists
i prefered the terrorists#that is game set and match there's nothing to do except call the chief justice
it was a good adlib sir#thanks  wrote it last night
the iraqi ambassador is claiming it is just an exercise#an exercise in futility send the nimitz back in
general greely says it looks like the middle east#does your office have anything to add mr dean
can we do that#we have got four hours before they make it into turkienistan airspace
if challenged our fighters are to state that they are on a rescue mission#iraqi's will not buy it either they are already in on this or they will think we are spying
iraqi's will not buy it either they are already in on this or they will think we are spying#if fired upon tell our fighters that they are ordered to engage
the chief justice what on earth for#to swear you in as president
special agent gibbs you helped do this#yes mr president
because it is my duty#you are duty to what the country you served does not exist anymore
you are duty to what the country you served does not exist anymore#my loyalty was never to my country
air force one this is af135ra we have been instructed to refuel your plane#about goddamn time
about goddamn time#please change course to zero seven four and drop to eighteen thousand feet over
please change course to zero seven four and drop to eighteen thousand feet over#air force one acknowledged  tnt emergency parachute launch ramp
that is affirmative#ga get it
we have already been inspected#sir this plane carries the president of the united states
who did this#we checked the manifest everyone was accounted for
we checked the manifest everyone was accounted for#a secret service agent it must be
remarkable aircraft remarkable#why did they do that
why did they do that#psychology they are trying to unnerve us
psychology they are trying to unnerve us#well it worked
we have stopped dumping but we have only got about twenty minutes of fuel left#we are not going to make it
we are not going to make it#not even close hell we cannot even make syria or iraq
not even close hell we cannot even make syria or iraq#where are we now
where are we now#over the black sea i can probably get us to turkey or georgia
tower air force one has been boarded#romeo tango zulu copy one the television graphics of the first family against the presidential seal
romeo tango zulu do you have the president over#stand by
stand by#romeo tango zulu1 this is tower
we copy stand by  tower#tower here
a dubious distinction no#i guess it depends on your perspective
and all these rooms here#conference rooms though some have other functions  the one up front doubles as an emergency medical center
*                     please tell me your name#maria maria mitchell
maria maria mitchell#and what is it you do ms mitchell
i am responsible for press relations for the flight office#how are your fellow hostages feeling ms mitchell
how are your fellow hostages feeling ms mitchell#scared we are scared
you are pointing a gun at me#very good thank you ms mitchell
now or he dies please#come on alice
leave my daughter alone#or you will do what mrs marshall  but i admire your courage your husband on the other hand
or you will do what mrs marshall  but i admire your courage your husband on the other hand#what do you know of my husband
what do you know of my husband#i know he left you behind
i know he left you behind#my husband is a very courageous man
why do you enjoy it#i neither enjoy nor dislike i do what is necessary
i neither enjoy nor dislike i do what is necessary#how can you i mean they are people
that was war#so is this  come now you are upsetting the little one
nor will there be my husband does not negotiate with terrorists#you will be the first to pay for that mistake
the world is such a dangerous place and we cannot always protect our children#please you can kill me but leave my daughter alone
you got what you wanted you going to release us now#you are very valuable and our nation needs so many things
she is not a part of this this is between you and me#call up petrov and order stravanavitch' s release
this administration does not negotiate with terrorists#pity mr gibbs
you will do it#yes i will do it  just leave my family alone
yes i will do it  just leave my family alone#good good
the taste of defeat is bitter no#one thing i have learned as
there goes your ride#let my daughter go or i will take you out
let my daughter go or i will take you out#if you put down the gun i promise not to drop her on the way down
no you will not you will compromise like always#hold on alice
twenty minutes#you heard me  you congress and cabinet heads
our khll's took this one at 0100 hours what you see here is the mobilization of two mechanized brigades#they have gotta be joking
get em ready  you come with me#eighteen thousand feet sir and two hundred knots otherwise it is suicide
eighteen thousand feet sir and two hundred knots otherwise it is suicide#got it
i will not going without my family#yes sir
sir we stay with the president#that is not necessary
may i speak to you for a moment#cannot it wait
cannot it wait#no mr president  it cannot
do not  i know spin control when i feel it#rose i do not have time for this
she is a big girl  she understands#how do you know she understands you have not spent more than five minutes with her or me in weeks
i miss you and i miss her#but that is the point jim we are right here
but that is the point jim we are right here#i wish it were that easy
i will make it up to you i promise#i should trust that promise because you know the voters are still waiting for that middle class tax cut
i should trust that promise because you know the voters are still waiting for that middle class tax cut#this promise is not subject to congressional approval
how did your speech go#well they are not burning me in effigy that is always a good sign
look on the bright side hon shep here thinks i will be a one termer#shall i ask the chief of staff to schedule your daughter in
i do not know why you stayed#please do not start with me
call petrov  i will be back#both of you
what are you doing#flying the plane
flying the plane#you have not even driven a car since you took office
the fax machines#excuse me
excuse me#the fax machines
the fax machines#no good i said they disabled the communications system
no good i said they disabled the communications system#no i thought about this mr
where are we sending it#white house situation room
someone should give you a raise#actually sir you could be that someone
did they say anything about my family#they are still alive but the loyalists plan to start killing hostages in forty minutes
they are still alive but the loyalists plan to start killing hostages in forty minutes#then tell me there's a rescue operation underway
and if that means negotiating#you know my policy we do not negotiate with terrorists if we start now all of america becomes a target
you know my policy we do not negotiate with terrorists if we start now all of america becomes a target#but this is different sir you are the president
that is going on#we are under attack
we are under attack#where is my family
where is my family#we are handling it sir
white house switchboard how may i direct your call#okay listen listen carefully this is an emergency call from air force one who's there is the vice president there
okay listen listen carefully this is an emergency call from air force one who's there is the vice president there#who can i say is calling
who can i say is calling#this is the president
this is the president#yeah right
yeah right#do not cut me off this is an emergency
okay if you are the president whengs your wife's birthday#look lady i do not have time for games just put the
look lady i do not have time for games just put the#thank you for calling the white house
thank you for calling the white house#no no no wait wait
*                     cbs said they will give us four minutes  they thought the russian was a nice touch#i always wondered if my freshman russian class would come in handy
you wanna knock of f#no no  i am fine  what did the speaker say
no no  i am fine  what did the speaker say#he and the nra do not like the wording
other way around sir#right christ i am tired  do me a favor and keep me away from the press
it is bait  do not take it#sir the speaker of the house attacked this administration on national television  you cannot afford to leave that hanging
sir the speaker of the house attacked this administration on national television  you cannot afford to leave that hanging#did we tape the duke game
i said it is not worth the fight  steward please#we will just say it was in bad taste
you give me ulcers#that is my job
defense and state department in the conference room in one hour  i want to review the iraq situation#yes sir
mr president they are ready for you in the conference room#okay  hey pumpkin you will tell me all about it later right
mr president how the hell did you get on board#i never left where is my wife and daughter
my god i think that was a mig#a mig where the hell are we
iraq sir we are over iraq#iraq shep you are fired
how long's it been since you flew sir#twentyfive years
twenty five minutes they should be here any moment#they better fuel's almost gone
it is open#do you see teem
we are hooked#we are hooked hove into position
commissioner we both know the mercury shuttle needs another month of prelaunch testing#forget it  the boys on the board want that shuttle to go on schedule
that is right commissioner  senselessly murdered just minutes ago#that just does not make any sense
that just does not make any sense#i wonder how your boys in washington are going to take this one
i wonder how your boys in washington are going to take this one#i told you leave the boys in washington to the boys downtown and the boys down
forget it  i was reading#i was reading too
i was reading too#that is the story
that is the story#some southern plantation owner falls in love with this poor
some southern plantation owner falls in love with this poor#i was asking mccrosky commissioner
kruger sagittarius#commissioner aquarius
did you feel that#yes i did
yes i did#felt like a large asteroid
felt like a large asteroid#yes it did  mr dunn can i ask you a personal question
yes it did  mr dunn can i ask you a personal question#what is it mary
what is it mary#um  do you people scream right when you you know
shut down accelerators#accelerators down
we seem to have a malfunction in disposal unit four sir#you better check it unger
sir i have got an overload in disposal unit four#you better check on it mr dunn  i will stay here and fly the ship
it is got to be stopped#but ted the invitations have already gone out
but ted the invitations have already gone out#i mean the mercury flight  it is not safe and kurtz you know why
ted that is wrong#ask simon
ted you are overworked  you have been flying yourself into the ground#there's nothing wrong with me
eat this spaghetti ted  it will make you feel a lot better#who's that ted
who's that ted#sammy davis junior  terrible car accident  he has not been the same since
elaine when are you going to realize simon kurtz put me in here to get me out of the way#and when are you going to realize ted that your mental hygiene is the most important thing right now
no goodbyes elaine  just go#if that is the way you want it
if that is the way you want it#that is the way i want it  just turn the radio on and go
that is the way i want it  just turn the radio on and go#goodbye ted  i do not want to hurt you
ted  what are you#i have to get in there  i have to stop this flight
ted we are taking off#let me by elaine
what are you doing ted#i have got it elaine  i have figured out that is wrong with the shuttle
elaine we have to go back#we cannot go back  we had something very special but it is all over
ted get a grip on yourself  you should never have left the hospital#then you udou think i am insane
then you udou think i am insane#i have never used the word insane ted
i have never used the word insane ted#what word would you use elaine
what word would you use elaine#the word is sick  ted  very very very sick
the word is sick  ted  very very very sick#what would you say if i told you the toilet just blew up in my face
what would you say if i told you the toilet just blew up in my face#i would use the word insane
elaine that is going on#ted there's no time to explain
ted we have only got ten minutes#not now elaine
not now elaine#i mean until we start to burn up
well elaine this might be it if those guys on the ground do not think of something#i just want you to know i love you ted and always will
i just want you to know i love you ted and always will#that might be the news we have been waiting for
simon just ejected#sit down elaine  if this bomb trick works we just might make it  simon was a fool to eject now
sit down elaine  if this bomb trick works we just might make it  simon was a fool to eject now#you mean
you mean#that is right  premature ejection
that is right  premature ejection#what will happen to him ted
are you afraid#not when i am with you ted
not when i am with you ted#i guess you would have to be a fool not to be afraid at a time like this
ted the lever#kramer the worp control handle just came off in my hand
so you see our task is not made any easier by ted's refusal to admit that he is sick#what can uiu do doctor rumack
you can eat balanced meals exercise and take geritol#i mean for ted
the brain is an amazingly complex organ elaine#is he making any progress doctor
is he making any progress doctor#yes  last week that pile of mud was only this high
who would believe that elaine thompson was once a stewardess on the denverchicago run#and i can hardly believe that i am engaged to someone like you simon  i am a very lucky woman
but darling they have offered me a chance to head up the computer analysis division for the jupiter probe#you are heading up the division in charge of babies for mr and mrs simon kurtz
frank's the best pilot in the program#i am so excited simon
i am so excited simon#i guess this is a first for you
i guess this is a first for you#no i have been excited before
simon why has he become so so#so mentally ill
meet me onboard sweetheart  i have to pick up a few things at the drugstore#do not be too long
have you got it straightened out now#i think so
i think so#that is my girl
cannot we change course#we are computer locked and the manual navigation unit is down
elaine ask rok for a field interference scan  those sun spots might give us a problem with our communications#yes sir
i do not think we have any alternative captain#i see  what do you think our alternatives are
i see  what do you think our alternatives are#we have to disconnect rok's higher brain functions without disturbing his regulatory system
you can do it from up here captain#i would rather sit down for this one elaine
i would rather sit down for this one elaine#no i mean you can do it from the cockpit
no i mean you can do it from the cockpit#roger  you better get back there and monitor the regulatory unit
that is not possible#cut the doubting thomas shit elaine  i know where i am coming from on this
elaine i am sorry about that little outburst a moment ago#that is okay rok
that is okay rok#can i say something of a personal nature to you
can i say something of a personal nature to you#go ahead
go ahead#you have great tits
request comprehensive electrical systems check#systems check positive  look elaine i
systems check positive  look elaine i#request life support systems check
will scraps be able to sit with us dad#we will have to check jimmy  it is a pretty long trip to mercury
i sure an glad they let scraps ride up here with us#i bet scraps is going to love mercury
i bet scraps is going to love mercury#do you think things will be a lot different on mercury dad
do you think things will be a lot different on mercury dad#it is going to be terrific  a whole new world new kids to play with
how many kids get a chance to live on another planet#no more kids yelling 'your old mangs a thieving rapist'
joey that is more important the kids' clothes or your sexual potency#i do not want to hear that word
joe you do not want to blow that thing and kill all these innocent people#i do not want to live anymore
i do not want to live anymore#joe the insurance policy will not help your wife and kids  you bought auto insurance not life insurance
you are sure#i am sure
a couple eggs and juice would be nice mary  over#how would you like your eggs captain over
how would you like your eggs captain over#no  poached  over
no  poached  over#poached uandu over captain oveur  over
poached uandu over captain oveur  over#just poached on toast  over
that is how i want them  poached  over#all right captain oveur  over
all right captain oveur  over#poached  not over  over
captain the coffee machine is jammed and i do not like it#have you tried it with a little cinnamon
which passenger is joe salucci#sixteen 'c' why
sixteen 'c' why#he is carrying a bomb
he is carrying a bomb#a b
no a bomb  now as discreetly as possible i want you to move the passengers into the lounge#what should i say
what should i say#anything  just do not let salucci think we are onto him
captain oveur#mr kurtz i presume
mr kurtz i presume#we do not have much time  let's move i will explain everything
that is how dry cleaning works  now i would like to quickly go over the digestive system of amphibians#do you think it is necessary to explain ueverythingu
good to be aboard gentlemen#captain oveur your navigator mr unger and your first officer mr dunn
whenever your are ready captain#yes sir commander  this is mercury one  everything seems a okay up here and ready for countdown
you folks need any help#thanks but we have a terrific woman in on thursdays
thanks but we have a terrific woman in on thursdays#say is not that dr barrington the world renowned agronomist
it is a privilege to meet you sir i am familiar with all your work#let's go daddy  we have to check in  he was never appreciated at the institute
let's go daddy  we have to check in  he was never appreciated at the institute#ah yes the institute i am familiar with it
ah yes the institute i am familiar with it#now he is dyinging and wants to be buried on mercury
i have to see bud kruger#do you have an appointment sir
do you have an appointment sir#no dammit  it is a matter of life or death
no dammit  it is a matter of life or death#you will have to be more specific than that sir
you will have to be more specific than that sir#all right it is a matter of death
all right it is a matter of death#death death  how about the first thursday in march ten o'clock
you cannot go in there#do not try to stop me
do not try to stop me#but that is not a door  the door's over there
are you on the mercury mission#that is right striker  and we are getting married when we return
you are seeing bugs where they do not exist striker#look at this wiring  it is shorting out under high temperatures
look at this wiring  it is shorting out under high temperatures#you are tired striker overworked  that wiring meets all the safety specifications
you are tired striker overworked  that wiring meets all the safety specifications#i know you have been subtly spreading the word that i am having a breakdown
kurtz you are drunk  who's in command of this ship#that damn computer has taken over  i am getting out
that damn computer has taken over  i am getting out#then elaine was right
then elaine was right#do not talk to me about elaine  outta my way
do not talk to me about elaine  outta my way#pull yourself together  we have got to
uh oh thank you  it is nothing#you do not have to thank me i am a nurse this is my father dr barrington
you do not have to thank me i am a nurse this is my father dr barrington#not dr barrington the world renowned agronomist
not dr barrington the world renowned agronomist#yes  he is dying uandu wants to be buried on mercury
yes  he is dying uandu wants to be buried on mercury#i am familiar with your work doctor you will have to excuse me i have to go
i am familiar with your work doctor you will have to excuse me i have to go#you do not have to excuse yourself  i am a nurse  i understand
you have been hurt#i am getting over it  if a relationship is not working you cannot force it
i am getting over it  if a relationship is not working you cannot force it#no i mean your head  sit down  i will take a look at it  i am a nurse
do you want to talk about it#i opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me
i opened this panel and a vacuum cleaner hit me#no  i mean your relationship
no  i mean your relationship#we were in love but i am not sure i know what love is anymore
we were in love but i am not sure i know what love is anymore#love's the same as it always was  it is people who change
love's the same as it always was  it is people who change#people change in relation to each other love changes on its own
people change in relation to each other love changes on its own#not if the people change together in relation to that love
not if the people change together in relation to that love#sure  but that is only when the love itself goes unchanged
no  it is hard to laugh when your father's dying#well we laughed  we laughed all the time
i happened to be passing and i thought you might like some corfee#that is very nice of you thank you
ah will not you sit down#thank you cream
thank you cream#no thank you i take it black like my men
no thank you i take it black like my men#were you vacationing in los angeles
mine's eleanor eleanor schiff#that is a lovely name mine's miltonmilt ettenhenim but my friends call me 'bubbles'
hello i am paul carey from the airline i am here to pick up captain kramer#oh yes come in paul rex will be right out
yeah something like that but as i say they did not have time to tell me very much#shep no i will bet you have exciting things happen all the time down there
but afterawhileyou begin to  get used to it#shep no he gets so excited when new people are here
both pilots#can you fly this airplane and land it
can you fly this airplane and land it#surely you cannot be serious
surely you cannot be serious#i uamu serious and do not call me shirley what flying experience have you had
safe and sound and free to pursue a life of religious fulfillment#chicago the passengers are beginning to panic when do we start down
will the hospital equipment be at the airport#yes everything they have got how are the passengers doing
yes everything they have got how are the passengers doing#i will not deceive you mister striker we are running out of time
i will not deceive you mister striker we are running out of time#surely there must be something you can do
surely there must be something you can do#i am doing everything i can  and stop calling me shirley
captain how soon can we land#i cannot tell
cannot you take a guess#wellnot for another two hours
wellnot for another two hours#you cannot take a guess for another two hours
what is it doctor that is happening#i am not sure i have not seen anything like this since the lina wertmuller film festival
sir excuse me sir i am sorry to have to wake you are you a doctor#that is right
that is right#we have some passengers who are very sick could you come and take a look at them
we have some passengers who are very sick could you come and take a look at them#yes yes of course
what was it we had for dinner tonight#well we had a choice steak or fish
well we had a choice steak or fish#yes yes i remember i had lasagna
what did he have#he had fish
doctor rumack mister hammen ate fish and randy says there are five more cases and they ate fish too#let's see now the copilot had fish what did the navigator eat
let's see now the copilot had fish what did the navigator eat#he had fish too
just how serious is it doctor#extremely serious it starts with a slight fever
i have been patient and i have tried to help but you would not even let me do that#do not you feel anything for me at all any more
look you will be back in town tomorrow night we will have dinner  talk it over#i will not be back i have requested the atlanta run
i will not be back i have requested the atlanta run#elaine not yet i promise you i really can change
elaine not yet i promise you i really can change#then why do not you take the job that louie netz offered you at boeing
your uwaru urecordu you are the only one keeping that alive for everyone else it is ancient history#you expect me to believe that
ted what are you doing here#elaine i have got to talk to you
elaine i have got to talk to you#youyou should not have come i do not have time now
that is the matter#my orders came through my squadron ships out tomorrow i will be leading a very important mission
my orders came through my squadron ships out tomorrow i will be leading a very important mission#oh ted please be careful i worry about you so much
oh ted please be careful i worry about you so much#i love you elaine
i love you elaine#i love you
that is the way i have always wanted it to be elaine#but it will not be not as long as you insist on living in the past
you got a telegram from headquarters today#headquarters what is it
i wish i could say the same for george zipp#be patient ted no one expects you to get over this immediately
that is his problem#that is lieutennt hurwitz severe shell shock he thinks he is ethel merman
ted what are you doing you cannot fly this plane#that is what i have been trying to tell these people
and a little ice#and a little ice
sluggish like a wet sponge#sluggish like a wet sponge
it is a damn good thing he does not know how much i hate his guts#it is a damn good thing you do not know how much he hates your guts
rats i have lost number three#what happened ted what went wrong
i wanted you to know  now  i am very proud#tell them the gear is down and we are ready to land
tell them the gear is down and we are ready to land#the gear is down
we would better get back now#joey can stay up here for a while if he would like to
hey we have been waiting for you a little bit late tonight#who wants to be first
i think so but i have never seen it so acute#find out if there's a doctor on board as quietly as you can
oh bill i am going to miss you so much#you promise you will write
you promise you will write#every day
goodbye darling#oh bill i will keep it i will keep it with me all the time
oh bill i will keep it i will keep it with me all the time#so long darling goodbye take care of yourself
so long darling goodbye take care of yourself#bill bill goodbye bill
bill bill goodbye bill#goodbye darling
goodbye darling#goodbye darling i love you i love you darling
goodbye darling i love you i love you darling#goodbye darling
and get that finger out of your ear you do not know where that finger's been gunderson#yes captain
yes captain#did you decide on a runway yet
did you decide on a runway yet#runway niner it is the longest and directly into the wind
he is right on the heading#all right he is on final now put out all runway lights except niner
jack is not that fred bliffert over there in the blue turtleneck maybe he is on our flight to chicago#yeah i think he is  hey fred
what did you think of 'great expectations'#well it was not all that i had hoped
oh i cannot stand it#what is it
how ya doing honey#oh jack i am so warm i am burning up
you uareu kareem i have seen you play my dad's got season tickets#i think you should go back to your seat now joey right clarence
i think you are the greatest but my dad says you do not work hard enough on defense#denver control this is flight twozero niner intersecting victor airway seven ninerniner
denver control this is flight twozero niner intersecting victor airway seven ninerniner#and that lots of times you do not even run down court
and that lots of times you do not even run down court#we are turning left to a heading of zero ninerniner
we are turning left to a heading of zero ninerniner#and that you do not really try except during the playoffs
and that you do not really try except during the playoffs#the hell i do not i am out there busting my buns every night
i am randy#i am lisa oh you have a guitar
i am lisa oh you have a guitar#i thought maybe you would like to hear a song
i thought maybe you would like to hear a song#oh i would love to
oh i would love to#okay this is one of my favorites
would either of you like another cup of coffee#i will but jim will not
yes of course we both had fish why#oh it is nothing to be alarmed about we will get back to you very quickly
sorry clarence latest weather report shows everything socked in from salt lake to lincoln#hi roger good to have you aboard victor this is roger murdock
we have clearance clarence#roger roger that is our vector victor
do you want me to check the weather clarence#no why do not you take care ot it
no he is not bothering anyone let him stay up here#all right but just remember my name is roger murdock
there's a little girl on board who's ill and#oh yes i saw poor child
oh yes i saw poor child#could i borrow your guitar i thought i might be able to cheer her up
could i borrow your guitar i thought i might be able to cheer her up#of course
fourteenb it is halfway down on your right#thank you
do you feel all right sir#oh  i have not flown for a long time
excuse me sir would you like some coffee before we serve dinner#no no thank you
excuse me sir there's been a little problem in the cockpit and i was wondering#the cockpit what is it
well i flew in the war but that was a long time ago i would not know anything about it#would you go up please
mr striker the passengers are ready#thank you randy you better leave sweetheart you might get hurt in here
does that cost extra or you throw them in#you have got me all wrong  i do not charge money for something that i myself find pleasurable
look i do not know where mr strader might be  he comes and he goes#the girl out front mentioned strader's assistant somebody named watson  maybe he knows
the girl out front mentioned strader's assistant somebody named watson  maybe he knows#todd  todd does not know either
not unless i got real drunk and nobody told me about it later#a virgin  i find that very arousing
i like my horizons narrow#your voice is saying no but your body is saying yes
you are cassandra#that is right
that is right#we are with the police department this is sergeant sykes and i am
we are with the police department this is sergeant sykes and i am#ss'ai k'ss  perfect
he is not here  why ask me#the young woman at the front said you might know where he is
the young woman at the front said you might know where he is#she did did she  well she was wrong  excuse me i have to change
in there#show me
so what have you got on tuggle's killers#jesus sykes  it is been less than ten hours  me and alterez are on it okay
jesus sykes  it is been less than ten hours  me and alterez are on it okay#you do not have squat
well if it is not detective jetson forget you hip waders big guy#lay off asshole
lay off asshole#i may be an asshole but at least i am a real detective not some outer shit space thing
i am sergeant sykes and this is detective jetson los angeles police department#sergeant detective  i was not aware there were any newcomers at the rank of detective yet
yes i heard about poor warren tragic#you were partners with him on some slag  uh newcomer real estate thing
move a finger harcourt and you are history#no sergeant  not history  eternity
that cop the human he was the one who killed anderson and the driver#this is becoming a serious breach of security
this is becoming a serious breach of security#he did not recognize me
he did not recognize me#it is his new partner that i am worried about
my true name is ss'tangya t'ssorentsa'#gesundheit  you do not mind if i stick to george do you
let's talk hubley#his body was discovered three days ago in an alley off of central avenue near downtown
his body was discovered three days ago in an alley off of central avenue near downtown#with two bri sabot slugs in the chest
with two bri sabot slugs in the chest#through the chest  rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts
through the chest  rupturing both the primary and secondary hearts#nice signal dickwad
terrific  a real pillar of the community  was hubley missing anything when they found him  was he ripped off#there was no wallet but he was still wearing a watch and two rings
yes no it is not unreasonable although i#great  well i am sure glad that is settled are not you
get the picture#and that fits
and that fits#well yeah it is rubber  it stretches
well yeah it is rubber  it stretches#and still it fits
newcomers working near methane gasses at oil refineries must paint it on their boots to protect against sparks#how the hell do you know that
i believe i should interview the widow alone#why the hell  great fine  you talk to the wife
mrs porter is not taking her husband's death well#did you learn anything
awright  what about the other guy#she did not know him  but she said her son might
she did not know him  but she said her son might#did you talk to him
did you talk to him#he has not been home since that day but she told me where to find him
rudyard kipling  no shit  listen we just need a minute of your time#we would like to ask you about a business associate of your warren hubley
why did you do it#why would i do what
who said that#at the end of the bar
your name would not happen to be porter would it#uh matthew
uh matthew#back off george
back off george#but i 
but i #i will handle it
screw you#screw me  that cannot be right
tell me#your mother mates out of season
matthew you do not have to #stay back  i am okay
you know that guy#from quarantine when my people first arrived here  he and i were housed together
from quarantine when my people first arrived here  he and i were housed together#how could a straightarrow like you ever pick a roommate like him
which one is that  raw what#this is mole  it is good
so what was that other word for human slow ka#ss'loka'  it means literally small but intelligent creature  it loses much in the translation
ss'loka'  it means literally small but intelligent creature  it loses much in the translation#and what was that one about my mother  that was a good one
and what was that one about my mother  that was a good one#ss'trokya ss'lato 'na'
ss'trokya ss'lato 'na'#yeah that is it  say it slow
who is he#todd watson  the assistant manager
we were chasing you because you ran you dumb sonofabitch#when will strader return
so she keeps you on a pretty short leash does she#my wife  she worries about me
yeah i know the routine#you are married
you are married#was  divorced
was  divorced#we mate for life  divorce is a strange concept to us
your home is quite disordered  i thought perhaps you had been burglarized when i walked in#i appreciate your honesty george
your health#ta ss'trakyona'
there is so much our two peoples do not understand about each other#no shit holmes  you are only from another goddamn planet for chrissakes
i am going home#yeah go home  get some sleep  you do sleep do not you
she is going to divorce me#george she is not gonna divorce you you mate for life remember
george she is not gonna divorce you you mate for life remember#she is very progressive  i am certain she is considering it
well let's roll george#to the to the beach
to the to the beach#come on let's go dude  surf's up
please i must get out here#come on you will not have to get near the water
come on you will not have to get near the water#stop the car
 so we have got three guys dead all newcomers all killed the same way  execution style#warren hubley was in middle management at a refinery joshua strader operated a successful bar and nightclub
warren hubley was in middle management at a refinery joshua strader operated a successful bar and nightclub# and porter ran a piece of shit momandpop minimart  so what the hell's the connection
no secrets goddammit  you do not hold back from me  whatever is going on you are gonna tell me now#no  i cannot involve you  this is not your concern
 it is called ss'jabroka'  to us it is a potent narcotic#how potent
we  you have taken it#we all did
we all did#where did he get it  was there any of it on the ship
george look me in the eye george you do not ever lie to me again#i must trust you matthew  i cannot stop this without you
okay george  we gotta play this real smart#if the drug is here we must destroy it
if the drug is here we must destroy it#no george  you are missing the point  the drug is evidence  we need to have the evidence ya know
uh george#where is the drug  where have they taken it
the fifty kilos matthew  i have to find it  i cannot let it get out on the street#why  that is the big goddamn deal
that is this about george  i know that look#there  go back  down that side street
no  we must do this alone#do what  george 
what is this# it is harcourt
 it is harcourt#harcourt is dead
we cannot let him get away#why the hell are you so dead set against backup
why the hell are you so dead set against backup#because because of what will happen if humans see what we are capable of becoming
because because of what will happen if humans see what we are capable of becoming#but there's no more drug
but there's no more drug#you understand that  but how many others will
how do i look#you look very good
you said you wanted the biggest thing i could find well this is it#what is it
what is it#casull 454 magnum  you are talking twice the impact energy of 44 magnum hot loads
casull 454 magnum  you are talking twice the impact energy of 44 magnum hot loads#only holds five
only holds five#yeah the shells are too big for six in an cylinder  hell matt you do not need but one
yeah the shells are too big for six in an cylinder  hell matt you do not need but one#no two
you think this is the guy who did it#we think he could'a been involved yeah  you know him
that where anderson worked#yes it is  thirtyfive percent pure methane gas in there  i do not know how these fellas do it
try joshua strader will ya darling#for you anything
yeah  we met him  wonderful boy close personal friend of george's here#i am sorry matt  nothing here seems to be matching up
can you dig up their quarantine records in this thing#sure  just a minute
one of the two men was hubley right  what about the other one did you know him#yeah i seen him around  high roller dude named strader  joshua strader  runs a club on the west side  encounters
yeah i seen him around  high roller dude named strader  joshua strader  runs a club on the west side  encounters#yeah i heard of it
yeah i heard of it#that is all i know  you want anything more you ask somebody else
you know i have been over all this with fedorchuk and alterez this morning#come on  you got nothing better to do cushy county job like yours
yeah right  do not push your luck anyway according to the sheet the guy you nailed outside by the car#the human
lucky for you you got him in both of his well what we loosely refer to as hearts#lucky nothing  i had to empty my damn gun into him
lucky nothing  i had to empty my damn gun into him#that is the way these people are you do not hit both pumps you just piss them off
you guys finished the postmortem on strader yet#you mean the blob  they are finishing up now
what kind of test#looking for some foreign compound in the blood of that alien you dropped the other day
looking for some foreign compound in the blood of that alien you dropped the other day#did he find anything
yeah sykes#captain  i would like to volunteer for duty with the new detective
hope their plumbing's the same#it is 
goddammit tug  i want to see kristin get married okay  but#but you are bummed because your ex and her new husband are paying for the whole thing
does that look at all suspicious to you#whatever gave you that idea
you got your vest#of course  right in the trunk of the car
of course  right in the trunk of the car#yeah that is comforting  mine too
watch the driver  i am going for a better angle on the door#i got him  do not get pinned
get outta there#i cannot  do you mind
i cannot  do you mind#i will cover you  get outta there
this floor's freezing#christ  i never saw such a buncha old women  you want me to fetch your slippers hudson
christ  i never saw such a buncha old women  you want me to fetch your slippers hudson#would you sir
whoooah  no shit  i am impressed#let's golet's go  cycle through
hey 'top'  that is the op#rescue mission  there's some juicy colonists' daughters we gotta rescue from virginity
cannot lock up#talk to me hudson
talk to me hudson#uh seems to be in front and behind
that is better  pan it around a bit#awright  fireteam a  gear up let's move  two minutes somebody wake up hicks
okay let's do it#awright  i want a nice clean dispersal this time
set down sixty meters this side of the telemetry mast  immediate dust off on my 'clear' then stay on station#ten seconds people  look sharp
first squad up on line  hicks get yours in a cordon  watch the rear#vasquez take point  let's move
flameunits only  i want rifles slung#let's go  pull 'em out
which would mean lots of those parasites right  one for each personover a hundred at least#yes  that follows
yes  that follows#but these things come from eggsso where are all the eggs coming from
that is it  see it  emergency venting#how long until it blows
and it is too late to shut it down#i am afraid so  the crash did too much damage  the overload is inevitable at this point
it is going to be closer  you better get going#see you soon
how much time#plenty  twentysix minutes
plenty  twentysix minutes#we are not leaving
she is alive  they brought her here and you know it#in seventeen minutes this place will be a cloud of vapor the size of nebraska
you did okay bishop#well thanks i 
have they located my daughter yet#well i was going to wait until after the inquest
is she#amanda ripleymcclaren  married name i guess  age  sixtysix at time of death  two years ago  i am sorry
i get the picture#just tell them what happened  the important thing is to stay cool and unemotional
you had them eating out of your hand kiddo#they had their minds made up before i even went in there they think i am a head case
they had their minds made up before i even went in there they think i am a head case#you are a head case  have a donut
no  there's no way#hear me out
hear me out#i was reamed steamed and drycleaned by you guysand now you want me to go back out there  forget it
yeah yeah  i saw the commercial#i heard you were working in the cargo docks
i heard you were working in the cargo docks#that is right
that is right#running loaders forklifts that sort of thing
running loaders forklifts that sort of thing#it is all i could get  anyway it keeps my mind off of everything  days off are worse
yes and i have read it  you wake up every night sheets soaking the same nightmare over and over#no  the answer is no  now please go  i am sorry  just go would you
you never said anything about an android being here  why not#well it did not occur to me  it is been policy for years to have a synthetic on board
i hope you are right  i really do#i suggest you study the disks ripley has been kind enough to prepare for you
that the atmosphere processor#uhhunh  one of thirty or so all over the planet  they are completely automated  we manufacture them by the way
they are right under the primary heat exchangers#yeah  maybe the organisms like the heat that is why they built
now hold on a second  i am not authorizing that action#why not
they can bill me  i got a tab running  that is second#this is clearly an important species we are dealing with here we cannot just arbitrarily exterminate them 
you son of a bitch#do not make me pull rank ripley
do not make me pull rank ripley#what rank  i believe corporal hicks has authority here
what rank  i believe corporal hicks has authority here#corporal hicks
corporal hicks#this operation is under military jurisdiction and hicks is next in chain of command  right
you just try getting a dangerous organism past icc quarantine section 22350 of the commerce code#you have been doing your homework look they cannot impound it if they do not know about it
now wait a second #you sent them to that ship  i just checked the colony log directive dates sixtwelveseventynine signed burke carter j
i expected more of you ripley i thought you would be smarter than this#sorry to disappoint you
you would not be going in with the troops  i can guarantee your safety#these colonial marines are some tough hombres and they are packing stateoftheart firepower nothing they cannot handleright lieutenant
these colonial marines are some tough hombres and they are packing stateoftheart firepower nothing they cannot handleright lieutenant#we are trained to deal with these kinds of situations
still nothing from the colony#dead on all channels
looks like you company can write off its share of this colony#it is insured
that is he scanning for#pdt's  personaldata transmitters every adult colonist had one surgically implanted
we are talking thermonuclear explosion#shit  apone collect magazines from everybody  we cannot have any firing in there
hold at forty  slow circle of the complex#the structure seems intact  they have power
one of us#aponewhere are your people anybody in dblock
where are your parents  you have to try#gorman  give it a rest would you
what is it#i do not know
i do not know#proceed inside
sothen the fusion containment shuts down#so  so
get them out of there  do it now#shut up  just shut up
i told them to fall back#they are but off  do something
how do you feel#all right i guess  one hell of a hangover  look ripley i
all right i guess  one hell of a hangover  look ripley i#forget it
yes hicks#hudson sir  he is hicks
hudson sir  he is hicks#that is the question
that is the question#is this going to be a standup fight sir on another bughunt
is this going to be a standup fight sir on another bughunt#all we know is that there's still no contact with the colony and that a xenomorph may be involved
are there any questions  hudson#how do i get out of this chickenshit outfit
we are coming in#he is coming in  i feel safer already
sir the cpu is online#okay stand by in operations  let's go
we are not making that out too well  what is it#you tell me  i only work here
save it#sure hicks
let's get the fuck out of here#not that tunnel the other one
we got problems#i do not fucking believe this do you believe this
the corner  ready#do it
seventeen meters#let's get these things lit
well you are not reading it right#six meters  five  what the fu 
let's go  let's go#fucking a
removed surgically before embryo implantation  subject  marachuk john l   died during procedure  they killed him getting it off#poor bastard
how long after we are declared overdue can we expect a rescue#about seventeen days
they are in the approach corridor#on my way
now many#cannot tell  lots  d gungs down to twenty  ten  it is out
they will get us#maybe  maybe not
that is this#well that is the grenade launcher you probably do not want to mess with that
well that is the grenade launcher you probably do not want to mess with that#look you started this  now show me everything  i can handle myself
look you started this  now show me everything  i can handle myself#yeah  i have noticed
it is game time#get back here both of you  fall back to operations
they learned  they cut the power and avoided the guns  they must have found another way in something we missed#we did not miss anything
no  no  she is alive  we have to #all right  she is alive  i believe it  but we gotta get moving  now
hicks do not let him leave#we ai not going anywhere
hey vasquezyou ever been mistaken for a man#no  have you
somebody said alienshe thought they said illegal alien and signed up#fuck you
fuck you#anytime  anywhere
yeah bullshit  watch us#maybe you have not been keeping up on current events but we just got out asses kicked pal
it is inside the complex#you are just reading me
you are just reading me#no  no  it ai not you  they are inside  inside the perimeter they are in here
looks like it stung him#heyhey  look crowe and dietrich are not dead man
you cannot help them  right now they are being cocooned just like the others#oh god  jesus  this ai not happening
this service tunnel is how they are moving back and forth#yeah right it runs from the processing station right into the sublevel here
we need the other dropship  the on one the sulaco  we have to bring it down on remote somehow#how  the transmitter was on the apc  it is wasted
how  the transmitter was on the apc  it is wasted#i do not care how  think of a way  think of something
i do not care how  think of a way  think of something#think of what  we are fucked
think of what  we are fucked#what about the colony transmitter that uplink tower down at the other end  why cannot we use that
they cut the power#what do you mean they cut the power  how could they cut the power man  they are animals
this signal's weirdmust be some interference or something there's movement all over the place#just get back here
range twenty meters#seal the door
twelve meters  man this is a big fucking signal  ten meters#they are right on us  vasquez how you doing
nine meters  eight#cannot be  that is inside the room
cannot be  that is inside the room#it is reading right  look
you remember you sent some wildcatters out to that plateau out past the ilium range a couple days ago#yeah  what
so what do i tell this guy#tell him as far as i am concerned he finds something it is his
just terrible  that is better than yesterday at least#how long have i been on gateway station
how long have i been on gateway station#just a couple of days  do you feel up to a visitor
bad dreams again  do you want something to help you sleep#no i have slept enough
what did you say#newt  my nname's newt nobody calls me rebecca except my dork brother
casey  she is my only friend#what about me
i do not want you for a friend#why not
they would be here if they could honey  i know they would#they are dead
they are dead#newt  look at menewt  i will not leave you  i promise
newt  look at menewt  i will not leave you  i promise#you promise
you promise#cross my heart
cross my heart#and hope to die
i was the best at the game i knew the whole maze#the 'maze'  you mean the air ducts
the 'maze'  you mean the air ducts#yeah you know  in the walls under the floor  i was the ace  i could hide better than anybody
yeah you know  in the walls under the floor  i was the ace  i could hide better than anybody#you are really something ace
i guess we are not leaving right#i am sorry newt
i am sorry newt#you do not have to be sorry  it was not your fault
now you just lie here and have a nap  you are exhausted#i do not want toi have scary dreams
ripleyshe does not have bad dreams because she is just a piece of plastic#oh  sorry newt
oh  sorry newt#my mommy always said there were no monsters  no real ones  but there are
yes there are are not there#why do they tell little kids that
well some kids cannot handle it like you can#did one of those things grow inside her
i do not know newt  that is the truth#is not that how babies come i mean people babiesthey grow inside you
is not that how babies come i mean people babiesthey grow inside you#no it is different honey
no it is different honey#did you ever have a baby
did you ever have a baby#yes  a little girl
yes  a little girl#where is she
do not go  please#i will be right in the other room newt  and looki can see you on that camera right up there
newt  newt wake up#wah  where are
wah  where are#sssh  do not move  we are in trouble
mommyi mean ripleyi am scared#i know honey  me too
come on  crawl faster#do you know how to get to the landing field from here
do you know how to get to the landing field from here#sure  go left
this way  come on we are almost there#newt wait
i knew you would come#newt i want you to hang on now  hang on tight
are we going to sleep now#that is right
that is right#can we dream
can we dream#yes honey  i think we both can
look i told you#it did not however contain any entries concerning the hostile life form you allegedly picked up
the analysis team which went over your shuttle centimeter by centimeter found no physical evidence of the creature you describe#that is because i blew it out the goddamn airlock  like i said
thank you officer ripley  that will be#because just one of those things managed to kill my entire crew within twelve hours of hatching
how many colonists#sixty maybe seventy families
sixty maybe seventy families#sweet jesus
these viennese certainly know good music when they hear it#his grace is very angry with you
his grace is very angry with you#what do you mean
good morning#well how do you like it it is turkish my hairdresser tells me everything's going to be turkish this year
well how do you like it it is turkish my hairdresser tells me everything's going to be turkish this year#really what else did he tell you today give me some gossip
really what else did he tell you today give me some gossip#well i heard you met herr mozart
well i heard you met herr mozart#oh news travels fast in vienna
oh news travels fast in vienna#and he is been commissioned to write an opera is it true
how do you know#well even if there is i do not think you want to get involved with this one
well even if there is i do not think you want to get involved with this one#why not
why not#well do you know where it is set my dear
in a harem#that is that
that is that#a brothel
a turkish brothel#turkish oh if it is turkish that is different i want to be in it
turkish oh if it is turkish that is different i want to be in it#my dear it will hardly enhance your reputation to be celebrated throughout vienna as a singing prostitute for a turk
what does he look like#you might be disappointed
looks and talent do not always go together katherina#looks do not concern me maestro only talent interests a woman of taste
the marriage#well what does it matter to you
well what does it matter to you#nothing he can marry who he pleases i do not give a damn
how was i tell me honestly#you were sublime
you were sublime#what did you think of the music
what did you think of the music#extremely clever
extremely clever#meaning you did not like it
do not bother#i will be right back
oh  excuse me#is her mother still lying on the floor
is her mother still lying on the floor#no she is fine
no she is fine#i am so relieved
no no no no you cannot take him away now this is his night will not you introduce us wolfgang#excuse us fraulein good night signore
and how will you make him keep it#oh sir he is never disobeyed me in anything please your grace give him one more chance
oh sir he is never disobeyed me in anything please your grace give him one more chance#you have leave to try
you have leave to try#oh your grace  i thank your grace i thank you
why what sir#why do i have to be humiliated in front of my guests by one of my own servants
don giovannnnnnnni#who the devil are you what do you want
who the devil are you what do you want#i have come to dinnnnnner
i have come to dinnnnnner#dinner how dare you i am a nobleman i only dine with people of my own height
dinner how dare you i am a nobleman i only dine with people of my own height#are you drunk you invited me and my horse here he is ottavio
what is it#i want to go
i feel wrong i feel wrong being here#what are you talking about
stop it#i am i am i am stopping it  slowly you see look i have stopped now we are going back
no no no#yes back back listen  do not you know where you are
your grace i have got something to tell you i want to complain about this man#go ahead tell him tell them all they will not understand you anyway
go ahead tell him tell them all they will not understand you anyway#why not
why not#because here everything goes backwards people walk backwards dance backwards sing backwards and talk backwards
because here everything goes backwards people walk backwards dance backwards sing backwards and talk backwards#that is stupid
that is stupid#why people fart backwards
why people fart backwards#do you think that is funny
do you think that is funny#yes i think it is brilliant you have been doing it for years
oh ha ha ha#srai amsick srai am sick
srai amsick srai am sick#yes you are you are very sick
yes you are you are very sick#no no say it backwards shitwit srai amsick say it backwards
no no say it backwards shitwit srai amsick say it backwards#srai amsick sick  kiss i am  my kiss my srai amsick  kiss my arse
srai amsick sick  kiss i am  my kiss my srai amsick  kiss my arse#em iram em iram
em iram em iram#no i am not playing this game
no i am not playing this game#no this is serious say it backwards
excuse me wolfi mama is not feeling very well can we leave now#of course
i think you are mad you are really mad#oh leave me alone
oh leave me alone#one royal pupil and the whole of vienna will come flocking we would be set up for life
one royal pupil and the whole of vienna will come flocking we would be set up for life#they will come anyway they love me here
they will come anyway they love me here#no they will not i know how things work in this city
no they will not i know how things work in this city#oh yes you always know everything
oh yes you always know everything#well i am not borrowing any more money from my mother and that is that
well i am not borrowing any more money from my mother and that is that#you borrowed money from your mother
well do not do that again#how are we going to live wolfi do you want me to go into the streets and beg
how are we going to live wolfi do you want me to go into the streets and beg#do not be stupid
do not be stupid#all they want to see is your work that is wrong with that
all they want to see is your work that is wrong with that#shut up just shut up i do not need them
shut up just shut up i do not need them#this is not pride it is sheer stupidity
tell them to go away i do not want to see anybody#that is the matter with you
that is the matter with you#tell them to go
tell them to go#sssh what is it tell me
stop it wolfi i look dreadful welcome to our house herr mozart#he is not herr mozart call him papa
what how can you be so boring tea#wolfi i think your father's tired i will cook us something here
there's a young girl to see you#what does she want
what does she want#i do not know
i do not know#well ask her
well ask her#she will not talk to me she says she has to speak to you
she will not talk to me she says she has to speak to you#oh damn
yes my love#these gentlemen are from salzburg
half the receipts stanzi#i am talking about now how much will you give him now down payment
you are not going to do this#why not half the house
why not half the house#when we need money now either he pays now or you do not do it
when we need money now either he pays now or you do not do it#oh stanzi
oh stanzi#i do not trust this man and i did not like what he did with your opera it was common
i do not trust this man and i did not like what he did with your opera it was common#well you liked it did not you monkeyflunkipunki
well you liked it did not you monkeyflunkipunki#half the house you will never see a penny i want it here in my hand
half the house you will never see a penny i want it here in my hand#stanzimanzi i will put it in your hand
stanzimanzi i will put it in your hand#shut up i will not let you put anything in my hand until i see some money
who was that#no one
no one#i heard voices
that is that oh  who gave you this how much is it wolfi who gave you this#i am not telling you
i am not telling you#why not
why not#you would think i was mad
this is my wife stanzi i have been sick but i am all right now are not i#oh yes sir he is all right and he is working on it very hard
oh yes sir he is all right and he is working on it very hard#give me two more weeks please
give me one reason i can understand#i cannot write it
i cannot write it#why not
why not#it is killing me
how charming  but why did he not come himself#he is terribly busy sir
he is terribly busy sir#i understand
my husband is a proud man sir he would be furious if he knew i would come#then he did not send you
then he did not send you#no sir this is my own idea
no sir this is my own idea#i see
these are originals#yes sir he does not make copies
it is miraculous#oh yes he is really proud of his work
tomorrow night i dine with the emperor one word from me and the post is his#oh thank you sir
what for#some service deserves service in return no
some service deserves service in return no#what do you mean
what do you mean#is not it obvious
it is a post all vienna seeks if you want it for your husband come tonight#but i am a married woman
but i am a married woman#then do not it is up to you not to be vague that is the price
what are you doing here#your husband is ill ma'am he took sick i brought him home
your husband is ill ma'am he took sick i brought him home#why you
why you#i was at hand
i was at hand#well thank you very much you can go now
well thank you very much you can go now#he needs me ma'am
he needs me ma'am#no he does not and i do not want you here just go please
no he does not and i do not want you here just go please#he asked me to stay
he asked me to stay#and i am asking you 
this is not his handwriting#no i was assisting him he asked me
no i was assisting him he asked me#he is not going to work on this anymore it is making him ill please
i regret we have no servants to show you out herr salieri respect my wish and go#madame i will respect his he asked me to stay here
how much will you pay him#ah well ah  i see you have got your manager with you well madame how about half the receipts
am i interrupting something#not at all
not at all#where is our friend
where is our friend#he is not in but he is working on it he said to tell you
he is not in but he is working on it he said to tell you#i hope so i need it immediately
leave him alone#i am paying these people do you realize that
i am paying these people do you realize that#he is doing his best
he is doing his best#i am paying people just to wait for you it is ridiculous
oh yes and that is so intelligent about writing a requiem#money money
money money#you are mad she is mad wolfi
you are mad she is mad wolfi#oh yes and who are you he is worked for kings for the emperor  who are you
i see that you are expecting#oh yes
oh yes#when may i ask
when may i ask#in three months papa
what is ridiculous wolfi has many admirers in vienna they love him here people send us gifts all the time#but you cannot take her without reference it is unheard of
but you cannot take her without reference it is unheard of#well this is none of your business  whoever sent you is going to pay no
and so you do the only time you come out is to eat#and what do you expect who wants to walk out into a mess like this every day
and what do you expect who wants to walk out into a mess like this every day#oh now i am a bad housekeeper
oh now i am a bad housekeeper#so you are the place is a pigsty all the time
so you are the place is a pigsty all the time#do you hear him do you
be careful#be careful
let us pass please let us pass at once we are with the emperor#i am sorry madame it is not permitted
i am sorry madame it is not permitted#do you know who i am  this is my daughter i am frau weber we are favoured guests
do you know who i am  this is my daughter i am frau weber we are favoured guests#i am sorry madame but i have my orders
i am sorry madame but i have my orders#call herr mozart you call herr mozart immediately this is insupportable
i am sorry madame but no i cannot let anyone pass#young man i am no stranger to theatres i am no stranger to insolence
it is such an honour for us to have you here herr mozart and for gertrude#people who know say the girl's got talent you must judge for yourself if you think she stinks say so
what a strange young man#yes he is a little strange
perhaps a little refreshment first a little coffee or a little chocolate#i would like a little wine if you have it
just one year#who was your teacher
who was your teacher#i was but she quite outgrew the little i could show her
i was but she quite outgrew the little i could show her#thank you madame  come on now  courage play me something you know
what a charming idea may i see#it is just a trifle of course
it is just a trifle of course#may i try it
delightful court composer would you permit me to play it as he comes in#you do me too much honour sire
you do me too much honour sire#let's have some fun  bring in herr mozart please but slowly slowly i need a minute to practice
and here is our illustrious court composer herr salieri#finally such an immense joy diletto straordinario
well i am glad to hear that#excuse me sire but what do you think these could be being a foreigner i would love to learn
excuse me sire but what do you think these could be being a foreigner i would love to learn#cattivo again court composer well tell him mozart name us a german virtue
good morning court composer this is my niece the princess elizabeth#your highness
oh your majesty it would be such a tremendous honour#i am thinking about herr mozart what is your view
you already commissioned an opera from mozart#and the result satisfies
and the result satisfies#yes of course my concern is to protect you from any suspicion of favouritism
yes of course my concern is to protect you from any suspicion of favouritism#ahha favouritism but i so want mozart
i do not think you understand me court composer#majesty i did believe me it was a most agonizing decision but finally i simply could not recommend herr mozart
majesty i did believe me it was a most agonizing decision but finally i simply could not recommend herr mozart#why not
majesty i do not like to talk against a fellow musician#of course not
of course not#i have to tell you mozart is not entirely to be trusted alone with young ladies
do you like this salieri#it is not a question of liking your majesty your own law decrees it i am afraid
it is not a question of liking your majesty your own law decrees it i am afraid#well look at them
oh thank you#the director of our opera count orsinirosenberg
the director of our opera count orsinirosenberg#oh sir yes the honour is mine absolutely
and now he has returned the compliment herr salieri composed that march of welcome for you#really oh grazie signore sono commosso e un onore per mo eccezionale compositore brilliante e famossissimo
why so#because i have already found the most wonderful libretto
well what is it about tell us the story#it is actually quite amusing majesty it is set  the  whole thing is set in a  in a 
yes where#in a pasha's harem majesty a seraglio
keep it sire if you want to it is already here in my head#what on one hearing only
what on one hearing only#i think so sire yes
it is new it is is not it sire#yes indeed
yes indeed#and german
and german#oh yes absolutely german unquestionably
oh yes absolutely german unquestionably#so then you like it you really like it your majesty
what do you mean sire#well i mean occasionally it seems to have how shall one say  how shall one say director
majesty this is madame weber she is my landlady#enchanted madame
really how delightful may i ask when you marry#well  well we have not quite received my father's consent your majesty not entirely not altogether
bravo mozart most charming yes indeed clever man#thank you sire
majesty may i ask you to do me the greatest favour#what is it
mozart are you aware i have declared the french play of figaro unsuitable for our theatre#yes sire
yes sire#yet we hear you are making an opera from it is this true
yet we hear you are making an opera from it is this true#who told you this majesty
who told you this majesty#it is not your place to ask questions is it true
it is not your place to ask questions is it true#well yes i admit it is
well yes i admit it is#would you tell me why
would you tell me why#well majesty it is only a comedy
but majesty this is just a frolic it is a piece about love#ah love again
i have no idea#guess guess majesty imagine the longest time such a thing could last then double it
guess guess majesty imagine the longest time such a thing could last then double it#well six or seven minutes maybe eight
well six or seven minutes maybe eight#twenty sire how about twenty twenty minutes of continuous music no recitatives
forgive me majesty i am a vulgar man but i assure you my music is not#you are passionate mozart but you do not persuade
you are passionate mozart but you do not persuade#sire the whole opera is finished do you know how much work went into it
ahha what do you say chamberlain#in my opinion it is time we had a piece in our own language sir plain german for plain people
yes sir#well there it is
well what do you have for me today#your majesty herr mozart 
your majesty herr mozart #yes what about him
yes what about him#he is here
he is here#ahha well there it is good
why are you here#am i not welcome
am i not welcome#of course welcome welcome ten thousand times papa my papa
is she not here#i do not know stanzi stanzi
do not you have a maid#oh we could if we wanted to but stanzi will not hear of it she wants to do everything herself
oh we could if we wanted to but stanzi will not hear of it she wants to do everything herself#how is your financial situation
how is your financial situation#it could not be better
it could not be better#that is not what i hear
that is not what i hear#what do you mean it is wonderful really it is  it is marvelous people love me here
what do you mean it is wonderful really it is  it is marvelous people love me here#they say you are in debt
they say you are in debt#who who says that now that is a malicious lie
who who says that now that is a malicious lie#how many pupils do you have
composition does not pay you know that#this one will
that is that#oh let's not talk about it
oh let's not talk about it#why not
why not#it is a secret
it is a secret#you do not have secrets from me
you do not have secrets from me#it is too dangerous papa but they are going to love it ah there she is
is not that marvelous we are delighted#why did not you mention it in your letters
why did not you mention it in your letters#did not i i thought i did i am sure i did
no really#this is just a game papa
yes papa name it name it i will do anything you say#i want you to come back with me to salzburg my son
i am tired of this game please play without me#but my penalty i have got to have a penalty
are you playing a trick on me#i never saw this girl in my life  is this a kind of joke
do not worry i am not staying here to be a burden#no one calls you that
no one calls you that#she does she says i sleep all day
ah here she comes fraulein lorl good morning#good morning sir
good morning sir#what have you got for me today let me see
ahha siena macaroons  my favourites give my best thanks to the baker#i will sir
thank you are you well today fraulein lorl#yes thank you sir
yes thank you sir#bene bene
oh thank you sir#do any pupils come to the house
do any pupils come to the house#not that i have seen
not that i have seen#then how does he pay for all this does he work at all
really what is it he is writing#oh i would not know that sir
i think i have found out about the money sir#yes what
where does he work#in there sir
now calm yourself calm that is the matter with you#i am leaving i am not working there anymore i am scared
i am leaving i am not working there anymore i am scared#why what has happened
what medicine#i do not know he has pains
here in his stomach they bend him right over#is he working
is he working#i suppose so he sits there all he time doing some silly opera
i suppose so he sits there all he time doing some silly opera#opera opera
opera opera#please do not ask me to go back again i am frightened i am very very frightened
please do not ask me to go back again i am frightened i am very very frightened#are you sure it is an opera
are you herr mozart#that is right
what did he say what did he say#papa the rule is you can only give penalties that can be performed in the room
sublime utterly sublime#that kind of music should be punishable by death
wonderful  he liked the monkey did not you#yes well it is all good fun
yes well it is all good fun#i liked the horse
put it down#what is this
what is this#put it down i said it is nothing for you
put it down i said it is nothing for you#oh i am sorry i am sorry what have you got for me is it finished
why not#because there's nothing to see
look i asked you if we could start rehearsal next week and you said yes#well we can
well we can#so let me see it where is it
and which one of them do you want me to teach#what haha that is funny  i like it which one eh you are a funny fellow  hannah come this way
i am afraid i am#of course it is him who do you think it is
good morning fraulein schlumberg#strudel this is herr mozart say good morning
never mind strudel it is part of music getting used to an audience are not i right herr mozart#well yes on the whole i suppose  how long have you been playing fraulein
herr mozart what a surprise what can i do for you#is my pupil still anxious to learn the art of music
is my pupil still anxious to learn the art of music#well your pupil is married and living in mannheim young man
well your pupil is married and living in mannheim young man#really perhaps your dear wife might care to profit from my instruction
really perhaps your dear wife might care to profit from my instruction#what is this mozart that is the matter with you
what is this mozart that is the matter with you#well since it appears nobody is eager to hire my services could you favour me with a little money instead
well since it appears nobody is eager to hire my services could you favour me with a little money instead#what for
what for#if a man cannot earn he must borrow
if a man cannot earn he must borrow#well this is hardly the way to go about it
i am sorry no#please i will give it back i promise please sir
please i will give it back i promise please sir#my answer is no mozart
love sire#ah love well of course in italy we know nothing about that
yes yes er on  the whole yes majesty#but this is absurd
dear mozart my sincere congratulations#did you like it then
did you like it then#how could i not
how could i not#it really is the best music one can hear in vienna today do not you agree
i am flattered and congratulations to you of course#so you see this post is very important to me right now
why here is the music it is here i am submitting it humbly is not that what you wanted#i have just come from the palace the post has been filled
my dear mozart there is no one in the world i would rather help but now it is too late#whom did they choose
whom did they choose#herr sommer
herr sommer#sommer herr sommer but the mangs a fool he is a total mediocrity
sommer herr sommer but the mangs a fool he is a total mediocrity#no no no he has yet to achieve mediocrity
look i must have pupils without pupils i cannot manage#you do not mean to tell me you are living in poverty
you do not mean to tell me you are living in poverty#no but i am broke i am always broke i do not know why
no but i am broke i am always broke i do not know why#it has been said my friend that you are inclined to live somewhat above your means
it has been said my friend that you are inclined to live somewhat above your means#how can anyone say that we have no cook no maid we have no footman nothing at all
how can anyone say that we have no cook no maid we have no footman nothing at all#how is that possible you give concerts do not you i hear they are quite successful
of course not#do you have a daughter
do you have a daughter#i am afraid not
ah how exciting tell me more#i would better not it is a bit of a secret
i would better not it is a bit of a secret#come come mozart i am interested truly
come come mozart i am interested truly#actually it is a big secret oh this is delicious what is it
actually it is a big secret oh this is delicious what is it#cream cheese mixed with granulated sugar and suffused with rum crema al mascarpone
cream cheese mixed with granulated sugar and suffused with rum crema al mascarpone#ah italian
ah italian#forgive me we all have patriotic feelings of some kind
forgive me we all have patriotic feelings of some kind#two thousand two hundred florins is all i need a hundred fifty
two thousand two hundred florins is all i need a hundred fifty#what exactly are you working on
what exactly are you working on#i cannot say really
wolfgang what is it sta calmo per favore that is the matter#it is unbelievable the director has actually ripped out a huge section of my music pages of it
it is unbelievable the director has actually ripped out a huge section of my music pages of it#really why
you burned the score#oh no my wife took it out in time
oh no my wife took it out in time#how fortunate
how fortunate#it is not fair that a man like that has power over our work
it is not fair that a man like that has power over our work#but there are those who have power over him i think i will take this up with the emperor
but there are those who have power over him i think i will take this up with the emperor#oh excellency would you
oh excellency would you#with all my heart mozart
with all my heart mozart#thank you oh thank you
what did you think of it yourself did you like it at all#i think it is marvelous truly
i think it is marvelous truly#it is the best opera yet written i know it why did not they come
oh no the honour would be all mine#grazie mio caro wolfgang
grazie mio caro wolfgang#grazie a lei signor antonio
mozart it was good of you to come#how could i not
how could i not#did my work please you
did my work please you#how could it not excellency
i never knew that music like that was possible#you flatter me
you flatter me#oh no one hears such sounds and what can one say but  salieri
i have come to commission work from you#what work
what work#a mass for the dead
a mass for the dead#what dead who is dead
what dead who is dead#a man who deserved a requiem mass and never got one
a man who deserved a requiem mass and never got one#who are you
who are you#i am only a messenger do you accept you will be paid well
i am only a messenger do you accept you will be paid well#how much
how long will you give me#work fast and be sure to tell no one what you do you will see me again soon
i do not have it yet it is not finished i am sorry but i need more time#are you neglecting my request
are you neglecting my request#no no i promise you i will give you a wonderful piece  the best i ever can
what happened is it over#i am taking you home you are not well
i am taking you home you are not well#no no i have to get back i have 
where is your wife#not here she is not well either she went to the spa
not here she is not well either she went to the spa#you mean she is not coming back
you mean she is not coming back#you are so good to me truly thank you
you are so good to me truly thank you#no please
no please#i mean to come to my opera you are the only colleague who did
i would never miss anything that you had written you must know that#this is only a vaudeville
do you mean that#i do
i do#i have bad fancies i do not sleep well anymore then i drink too much and think stupid things
i have bad fancies i do not sleep well anymore then i drink too much and think stupid things#are you ill
are you ill#the doctor thinks i am but 
shall i answer it#no no it is him
the man he is here#what man
finish what#he knows he knows
another but that is too soon tomorrow night it is impossible did he say a hundred#yes can i  could i help you in any way
yes can i  could i help you in any way#would you actually you could
would you actually you could#my dear friend it would be my greatest pleasure
my dear friend it would be my greatest pleasure#but you would have to swear not to tell a soul i am not allowed
but you would have to swear not to tell a soul i am not allowed#of course
then let us try together i would regard it as such an honour tell me what is this work#a mass a mass for the dead
where did i stop#the end of the recordare  statuens in parte dextra
the end of the recordare  statuens in parte dextra#so now the confutatis confutatis maledictis when the wicked are confounded flammis acribus addictis how would you translate that
so now the confutatis confutatis maledictis when the wicked are confounded flammis acribus addictis how would you translate that#consigned to flames of woe
consigned to flames of woe#do you believe in it
a fire which never dies burning one forever#oh yes
confutatis maledictis#we ended in f major
the fire#what time
what time#common time
i think so#sing it back
it could not be simpler#first bassoon and tenor trombone  what
first bassoon and tenor trombone  what#with the tenors
with the tenors#also identical
also identical#exactly the instruments to go with the voices trumpets and timpani tonic and dominant
and that is all#oh no now for the fire  strings in unison  ostinato on all  like this
do you have me#i think so
i think so#show me
c major sopranos and altos in thirds altos on c sopranos above  voca voca me voca me cum bene dictis#sopranos up to f on the second 'voca'
sopranos up to f on the second 'voca'#yes and on  wouldictis'
and that is it do you have it#you go fast
you go fast#do you have it
do you want to rest a bit#oh no i am not tired at all
oh no i am not tired at all#we will stop for just a moment then we will do the lacrimosa
we will stop for just a moment then we will do the lacrimosa#i can keep going i assure you shall we try
i can keep going i assure you shall we try#would you stay with me while i sleep a little
would you stay with me while i sleep a little#i am not leaving you
i am not leaving you#i am so ashamed
i am so ashamed#what for
what for#i was foolish i thought you did not care for my work  or me forgive me forgive me
then why especially does it have to be in german#well not especially it can be in turkish if you really want i do not care
what you think mozart is scarcely the point it is what his majesty thinks that counts#but your majesty 
that will do herr mozart#just let me tell you how it begins
mozart herr mozart may i have a word with you please right away#certainly herr director
did you not know that his majesty has expressly forbidden ballet in his operas#yes but this is not a ballet this is a dance at figaro's wedding
yes but this is not a ballet this is a dance at figaro's wedding#exactly a dance
exactly a dance#but surely the emperor did not mean to prohibit dancing when it is part of the story
but surely the emperor did not mean to prohibit dancing when it is part of the story#it is dangerous for you to interpret his majesty's edicts give me your score please
what are you doing herr director#taking out what you should never have put in
can we see the scene with the music back please#oh yes certainly certainly herr director
what is this herr chamberlain#what is what
what is what#why do i have to submit samples of my work to some stupid committee just to teach a sixteenyearold girl
why do i have to submit samples of my work to some stupid committee just to teach a sixteenyearold girl#because his majesty wishes it
because his majesty wishes it#is the emperor angry with me
is the emperor angry with me#on the contrary
on the contrary#then why does not he simply appoint me to the post
then why does not he simply appoint me to the post#mozart you are not the only composer in vienna
mozart you are not the only composer in vienna#no but i am the best
no but i am the best#a little modesty would suit you better
a little modesty would suit you better#who is on this committee
who is on this committee#kapellmeister bonno count orsini rosenberg and court composer salieri
kapellmeister bonno count orsini rosenberg and court composer salieri#naturally the italians of course always the italians
herr mozart #may i just do that majesty show you how it begins just that
i do not think it was really decided director#oh german german please let it be german
what do you want#i am father vogler i am a chaplain here i thought you might like to talk to someone
i am father vogler i am a chaplain here i thought you might like to talk to someone#about what
about what#you tried to take your life you do remember that do not you
in the sight of god that is a sin#what do you want
what do you want#do you understand that you have sinned gravely
do you understand that you have sinned gravely#leave me alone
leave me alone#i cannot leave alone a soul in pain
i cannot leave alone a soul in pain#do you know who i am you never heard of me did you
do you know who i am you never heard of me did you#that makes no difference all men are equal in god's eyes
that makes no difference all men are equal in god's eyes#are they
are they#offer me your confession i can offer you god's forgiveness
offer me your confession i can offer you god's forgiveness#i do not seek forgiveness
how well are you trained in music#i know a little i studied it in my youth
here in vienna#then you must know this
oh i know that that is charming  i did not know you wrote that#i did not that was mozart wolfgang amadeus mozart you know who that is
i did not that was mozart wolfgang amadeus mozart you know who that is#of course the man you accuse yourself of killing
of course the man you accuse yourself of killing#ah  you have heard that
ah  you have heard that#all vienna has heard that
all vienna has heard that#and do they believe it
and do they believe it#is it true
is it true#do you believe it
do you believe it#should i
do you hear me#he was murdered father mozart cruelly murdered
did you try#every day sometimes for hours i would pray
you cannot say that#no was mozart a good man
my son no one can speak for god#oh i thought you did so every day so speak now answer me
oh i thought you did so every day so speak now answer me#i do not claim to unravel the mysteries i treasure them as you should
why why why why add to your misery by confessing to murder you did not kill him#i did
i did#no you did not
no you did not#i poisoned his life
i poisoned his life#but not his body
but not his body#what difference does that make
what difference does that make#my son why should you want all vienna to believe you a murderer is that your penance is it
are you absolutely sure#i have seen the manuscript
what anger#about the ballet
about the ballet#ballet what ballet
ballet what ballet#excuse me  did not his majesty specifically forbid ballet in his opera
excuse me  did not his majesty specifically forbid ballet in his opera#yes absolutely is there a ballet in figaro
yes absolutely is there a ballet in figaro#yes in the third act
bravo your majesty#well done sire
well actually sire if you remember we did finally incline to italian#did we
i know we banned this play but frankly i cannot remember why can you refresh my memory herr director#for the same reason herr chamberlain that it was banned in france
for the same reason herr chamberlain that it was banned in france#oh yes yes and that was
here i am my angel#what who the devil are you
what who the devil are you#i have taken pity on you my angel i heard your wish
i have taken pity on you my angel i heard your wish#oh well thank you how wonderful some people get all the luck
i cannot wait#well promise then
well promise then#what do you mean  now
what do you mean  now#of course now right away before i get any older
excuse me sir there is a lady who insists on talking to you#who is she
who is she#she did not say but she says it is urgent
she did not say but she says it is urgent#excuse me my dear
that lady is back sir#show her in then go to bed
herr salieri#yes i am looking after him
yes i am looking after him#can we come in
can we come in#well he is sleeping now better not
well he is sleeping now better not#but he is all right
but he is all right#oh yes he is just exhausted he became dizzy that is all we should let him rest
oh yes he is just exhausted he became dizzy that is all we should let him rest#well tell him we were here will not you
well tell him we were here will not you#of course
of course#and say everything went wonderfully a triumphdeluxe  say that tell him the audience shouted his name a hundred times
i will call tomorrow#yes  and congratulations to all of you it was superb
oh by the way give him this this is his share that should cheer him up eh#yes indeed goodnight to you all now it was perfection  truly
has the patient in twentyone gotten his tray yet#the american yes duck
the american yes duck#how did he look
how did he look#what do you mean 'how did he look'
what do you mean 'how did he look'#you know did he seem depressed do you think he will eat the food
dr hirsch mr kessler cried out a minute ago#miss gallagher surely you must perform some function here at the hospital
can i be of service miss price#dr hirsch
dr hirsch#go about your duties
go about your duties#yes doctor
oh miss price#yes doctor
yes doctor#what exactly did he call out
what exactly did he call out#he said 'jack'
he said 'jack'#that would be jack goodman the boy who was killed
that would be jack goodman the boy who was killed#what happened to them
did he say a wolf#yes i believe he did
it is all right susan yes doctor i have#come to my office miss price
yes sir#it is a full moon where is he
it is a full moon where is he#at my flat i am off at midnight and
he is not#alex has david persisted in his werewolf fantasies
alex has david persisted in his werewolf fantasies#well yes but he seems to be more upset by the death of his friend
well yes but he seems to be more upset by the death of his friend#has his friend appeared to him again
what did he say#david says jack comes to warn him
david says jack comes to warn him#warn him
warn him#dr hirsch that is wrong is this more serious than i know
you have absolutely no idea where david might be#no he knows no one in london besides me i should not have left him alone
what shall we do#let's call the police and see if they can help us find our wandering boy
he is here#is he all right why did not you call me where was he
is he all right why did not you call me where was he#he does not remember he woke up at the zoo
he does not remember he woke up at the zoo#the zoo is he rational
the zoo is he rational#yes he is he is very excited and confused but he is not crazy if that is what you mean
yes he is he is very excited and confused but he is not crazy if that is what you mean#have you read the papers today have you listened to the radio or television
have you read the papers today have you listened to the radio or television#no why
no why#is david acting strangely
is david acting strangely#no not really
could you get here without any trouble#yes i should think so
yes doctor#you are certain he is lucid you will not need any help
you are certain he is lucid you will not need any help#he is fine we will come right over
he is fine we will come right over#shall i send a car
shall i send a car#no a cab will be faster
no a cab will be faster#i expect you shortly
what shall we do#tea would be nice
it was not a lunatic#i beg your pardon
i beg your pardon#it was a wolf
you have not eaten your lunch#i am not very hungry thank you
i am not very hungry thank you#i am afraid you have to eat something
i am afraid you have to eat something#please really i am not hungry
please really i am not hungry#you put me in an awkward position mr kessler
you put me in an awkward position mr kessler#how is that
aw come on miss price#call me alex
call me alex#aw come on alex
aw come on alex#shall i be forced to feed you mr kessler
call me david#shall i be forced to feed you david
shall i be forced to feed you david#this is absurd i am not hungry i do not want any food
let's try a little harder shall we#will you give me a break
you are a very beautiful girl#i thought you were asleep
i thought you were asleep#i was what are you reading
i was what are you reading#'a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court' by mark twain
'a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court' by mark twain#do you like it
do you like it#i have just started it my friend gave it to me
what do you dream about#i dream of death mostly
i dream of death mostly#i am sorry i should not have asked you
i am sorry i should not have asked you#it is okay i want to talk to you
how old are you#that is not really a very proper question
that is not really a very proper question#how old are you
i am twentyseven#i know
i know#now what do you want to talk about
now what do you want to talk about#was jack goodman your good friend
was jack goodman your good friend#my best friend my very best friend
my best friend my very best friend#shall i read to you
shall i read to you#what oh yes please
hello you all right#i am sorry i woke you up
i am sorry i woke you up#do not be silly can i get you something
do not be silly can i get you something#no thank you just keep me company for a while
no thank you just keep me company for a while#that is easy enough
that is easy enough#i keep having these really terrible dreams they are getting worse and i cannot seem to stop them
i keep having these really terrible dreams they are getting worse and i cannot seem to stop them#david your dreams will stop you will leave england and your bad memories and then this will all fade away
david your dreams will stop you will leave england and your bad memories and then this will all fade away#will you come with me
i am serious you do not know me and i know nothing about you we have a perfect relationship#now david i said i would keep you company but i meant right here and now
now david i said i would keep you company but i meant right here and now#will you think about it
will you think about it#how did we get from your bad dreams to my taking a holiday with a patient
how did we get from your bad dreams to my taking a holiday with a patient#not just a patient  me
not just a patient  me#you are being awfully forward are not you
all i am to you is a sex fantasy then#now i am embarrassed
now i am embarrassed#good i thought for a moment i was the only embarrassed one in the room
i am a werewolf#a werewolf
are you better now#i will let you know the next full moon
i will let you know the next full moon#you are to be discharged tomorrow will you be all right
my friend jack was just here#your dead friend jack
your dead friend jack#yeah he says that i will become a monster in two days what do you think
i was dreaming again#i would think so
i would think so#yeah i would think so too
the kitchen#very nice
the bedroom#there is only one bed
there is only one bed#david perhaps you would like to watch the telly while i take a shower
it is nice to see you#it is nice to see you
will you be here in about fifteen minutes#of course
i was awake and he was in my room#but david
but david#i was not hallucinating
tomorrow is the full moon#that is good alex  reassure me
let me go now you will make me late#do me an enormous favor
tell me that it is silly of me to be apprehensive#it is silly of you to be apprehensive
it is silly of you to be apprehensive#werewolves simply do not exist
werewolves simply do not exist#david do you want me to stay here tonight
david do you want me to stay here tonight#yeah i do but go to work
i have left those pills for you#a doper werewolf
i am off there's food in the fridge#see you later
david where on earth have you been#i am freezing
alex i have lost my mind i woke up at the zoo but you know what i feel terrific#the zoo
the next corner we can get a cab#i should be committed
i should be committed#dr hirsch will know what to do
dr hirsch will know what to do#i do not know why i feel so good i have not felt this good in a long time
david what are you doing#six people mutilated it had to be me alex
six people mutilated it had to be me alex#david stop
i am going to the cops there's a full moon tonight jack was right i#jack is dead
jack is dead#jack is dead look six people have been killed i am going to the police
david please be rational let's go to dr hirsch#rational i am a fucking werewolf for christ's sake
we had an argument he is being silly#i swear i do not know this girl
sir he is very upset his friend was killed and#will you shut up
hopeless it is hopeless#david let's go now
david do not lose control#control what control get away from me
he all right#yes i should think he called out just now
chart says he is from new york#i think he is a jew
i think he is a jew#why on earth do you say that
why on earth do you say that#i looked
i looked#really susan i do not think that was very proper and besides it is common practice now
miss price#yes mrs hobbs
officer i killed those people last night#you did did you
all right you two move along#hey you asshole i want you to arrest me
hey you asshole i want you to arrest me#there's no call for that kind of language
there's no call for that kind of language#queen elizabeth is a man prince charles is a faggot winston churchill was full of shit
queen elizabeth is a man prince charles is a faggot winston churchill was full of shit#now see here young man
now see here young man#shakespeare was french the queen mother sucks cocks in hell shit fuck piss
who is this girl#you are going to have to stop this disturbance or i shall arrest you
you are going to have to stop this disturbance or i shall arrest you#that is what i want you to do you moron
that is easy for you to say  you are already dead#no david harry and i and everyone you murder are not dead the undead
no david harry and i and everyone you murder are not dead the undead#why are you doing this to me
here gladys tom did you hear the one about the crashing plane#no but we are about to
you be quiet woman and let me speak#quiet everyone hush shhh
all right laugh then i sha not tell it#oh come on tell us
oh come on tell us#no you have had your chance
no one brought them here no one wanted them here#you could have told them
mr kessler wake up please#i was having a nightmare
now go back to sleep so you will be fresh for dr hirsch in the morning#what time is it
what time is it#it is nearly eight i am off duty shortly then i am off to the films with alex
miss price the other nurse that attended you#what are you going to see
do you have bad dreams too#some everyone does
some everyone does#yes but does everyone kill bambi
hello david i am dr hirsch and this is a countryman of yours mr collins#where am i
where am i#you are in a hospital in london
you are in a hospital in london#london where is jack i had a strange dream
london where is jack i had a strange dream#i should think so after your recent traumatic experiences
i should think so after your recent traumatic experiences#the guy i was with is he all right how did i get to london
the guy i was with is he all right how did i get to london#now david i want you to prepare yourself your friend is dead
miss price miss price please#get your fucking hands off me what the hell is going on here
how long have i been here#you have been unconscious since you were brought in two weeks ago
you have been unconscious since you were brought in two weeks ago#two weeks
there were witnesses#so they said
in time i am sure it will all come back to you#doctor my memory is fine it is my sanity i am beginning to worry about
you have never had bad dreams before#sure as a kid but never so real never so bizarre
you would be surprised what horrors a man is capable of#did you see jack
did you see jack#no in fact your wounds were cleaned and dressed before you arrived here
no in fact your wounds were cleaned and dressed before you arrived here#did you talk to the police in east proctor did the cops go to the slaughtered lamb
did you talk to the police in east proctor did the cops go to the slaughtered lamb#i really do not know
dr hirsch  i would rather not be by myself#of course not david i will fetch in young miss price
you are not having a good time are you#oh i do not know i mean look around is not this a fun place
well i like it here#i am sorry northern england first italy later
do you think she will meet me in rome#i think debbie klein is a mediocre person with a good body
i think debbie klein is a mediocre person with a good body#debbie is not mediocre and she has one of the great bodies of all time
debbie is not mediocre and she has one of the great bodies of all time#she is a jerk
she is a jerk#you are talking about the woman i love
you are talking about the woman i love#i am talking about a girl you want to fuck so give me a break
i am talking about a girl you want to fuck so give me a break#well anyway do you think she will be there
well anyway do you think she will be there#i do not know
if you do not stop i am going to kill you#i have to make love to her it is very simple she has no choice really
i have to make love to her it is very simple she has no choice really#it just fascinates me that you can spend so much energy on someone so dull
it just fascinates me that you can spend so much energy on someone so dull#it is impossible for a body like that to be dull
it is impossible for a body like that to be dull#we have known debbie what since the eighth grade how many years of foreplay is that
we have known debbie what since the eighth grade how many years of foreplay is that#she says she 'likes me too much'
the slaughtered lamb#of course the slaughtered lamb why else would they have a severed fox head on a spear as their symbol
of course the slaughtered lamb why else would they have a severed fox head on a spear as their symbol#that is a wolf's head
that is a wolf's head#of course the slaughtered lamb why else would they have a severed wolf's head on a spear as their symbol
of course the slaughtered lamb why else would they have a severed wolf's head on a spear as their symbol#that is not a spear it is a pike
that is not a spear it is a pike#a severed wolf's head on a pike as their symbol
nice looking group#listen at least it is warm in here
listen at least it is warm in here#look at that
what about it#it is a fivepointed star
it is a fivepointed star#maybe the owners are from texas
ask them what the candles are for#you ask them
go on ask them#you ask them
jack we would better go#what do you mean i am starving
come on jack shall we go#apparently so
what the hell was that all about#i do not know let's see if there's an inn or something up the road
i do not know let's see if there's an inn or something up the road#beware the moon
beware the moon#come on i am freezing
what do you think was wrong#i have no idea
i have no idea#maybe that pentangle was for something supernatural
maybe that pentangle was for something supernatural#i see and they were too embarrassed to talk about it because they felt so silly
say david#i am well aware of how pleasant the weather is in rome at the present time thank you
did you hear that#i heard that
i heard that#what was it
a coyote#there are not any coyotes in england
there are not any coyotes in england#the hound of the baskervilles
the hound of the baskervilles#pecos bill
heathcliffe did not howl#no but he was on the moors
no but he was on the moors#it is a full moon 'beware the moong
shit david what is that#i do not know come on
i do not know come on#come on where
come on where#anywhere i think we should just keep moving
it is moving#it is circling us
it is in front of us#do you think it is a dog
oh shit what is that#a sheep dog or something turn slowly and let's walk away
nice doggie good boy#walk away jack
walk away jack#walking away yes sir here we are walking away
it sounds far away#not far enough come on
where are we going#i will tell you when we get there
i will tell you when we get there#well i am glad we whoaa
you really scared me you shithead#are you going to help me up
nice to see you#get the fuck out of here jack
get the fuck out of here jack#thanks a lot
thanks a lot#this is too much i cannot handle this
this is too much i cannot handle this#i am aware that i do not look so great but i thought you would be glad to see me
i am sorry to be upsetting you david but i had to come#are not you supposed to be buried in new york someplace
are not you supposed to be buried in new york someplace#yeah your parents came to my funeral i was surprised at how many people came
yeah your parents came to my funeral i was surprised at how many people came#why should you be surprised you were a very wellliked person
why should you be surprised you were a very wellliked person#debbie klein cried a lot
debbie klein cried a lot#i cannot stand it
i cannot stand it#so you know what she does she is so grief stricken she runs to find solace in rudy levine's bed
so you know what she does she is so grief stricken she runs to find solace in rudy levine's bed#rudy levine the shmuck
rudy levine the shmuck#life mocks me even in death
david now i know this may be hard for you but i have to warn you#warn me will you get out of here you meat loaf
we were attacked by a werewolf#i am not listening
i am not listening#on the moors we were attacked by a lycanthrope a werewolf
on the moors we were attacked by a lycanthrope a werewolf#shut up you zombie
shut up you zombie#i was murdered an unnatural death and now i walk the earth in limbo until the werewolf's curse is lifted
i was murdered an unnatural death and now i walk the earth in limbo until the werewolf's curse is lifted#that is wrong with you shut up
that is wrong with you shut up#the wolf's bloodline must be severed the last remaining werewolf must be destroyed
the wolf's bloodline must be severed the last remaining werewolf must be destroyed#will you be quiet
you survived and now you shall continue the curse#what are you talking about i will not accept this get out god damit
what are you talking about i will not accept this get out god damit#remember what that guy at the slaughtered lamb said 'beware the moon'
remember what that guy at the slaughtered lamb said 'beware the moon'#stop it jack
stop it jack#beware the moon the full moon david you have got two days
beware the moon the full moon david you have got two days#jack please go away please go away
jack please go away please go away#you will stalk the streets of london a creature of the night
you will stalk the streets of london a creature of the night#you are talking like boris karloff it is movie dialogue
you are talking like boris karloff it is movie dialogue#david please believe me you will kill people david you have got to stop the bloodshed before it begins
the supernatural the powers of darkness it is all true take your own life suicide david join me#nurse oh god alex
you are not real#do not be an asshole david come here
what are you doing here#i wanted to see you
i wanted to see you#okay you have seen me now go away
okay you have seen me now go away#david i am sorry i upset you yesterday but you must understand what is going on
david i am sorry i upset you yesterday but you must understand what is going on#i understand all right you are one of the undead and i am a werewolf
get out of here jack#david tomorrow night is the full moon you will change you will become
david tomorrow night is the full moon you will change you will become#a monster i know i know
a monster i know i know#you must take your own life now david before it is too late
you must take your own life now david before it is too late#jack are you really dead
jack are you really dead#what do you think
you must believe me#what jack that tomorrow night beneath the full moon i will sprout hair and fangs and eat people bullshit
hi jack#hi david
what can i say jack#you do not have to say anything
you do not have to say anything#are not you going to say 'i told you so'
are not you going to say 'i told you so'#if i was still alive i probably would
if i was still alive i probably would#you look awful
you look awful#thank you
because this must be stopped#how shall i do it
i could hang myself#if you did it wrong it would be painful you would choke to death
dr hirsch#come in come in please sit some tea
no thank you doctor#well then what can i do for scotland yard
you were saying#has david kessler anything to say concerning the attack on the moors
has david kessler anything to say concerning the attack on the moors#why do not we ask him
the forensic lads seem to feel that some sort of animal was involved that is true but i hardly think#regardless of what you think lieutenant the fact remains that david is missing and that we must find him
what can we do to assist you#stay here if we need you we will know where to reach you
lt villiers and sgt mcmanus are here to see you doctor#send them in
excuse me  yes#roger mathison doctor
roger mathison doctor#what here
what here#he is on the telephone
hello there what can i get you#campari and soda would do nicely
campari and soda would do nicely#sorry love
sorry love#i suppose guinness will suffice
hot chocolate#we have got spirits and beer if it is something hot you want you can have tea
we have got spirits and beer if it is something hot you want you can have tea#then you have some hot tea
remember the alamo#i beg your pardon
no thank you#i would like some tea please
lieutenant the boy seems pretty lucid to me and#and what sergeant
and what sergeant#i do not rightly know sir
hello tom#you here again what do you want
what do you suppose anybody wants money money money#listen i told you i was not interested in that deal did not i
listen i told you i was not interested in that deal did not i#i want to know why 
that is the idea of turning her down it sounds like a perfectly safe investment#she is a widow i do not like taking mortgages from widows
she is a widow i do not like taking mortgages from widows#why not
if she cannot pay i will have to foreclose will not i#yes  sure
yes  sure#yeah  sure
no kidding#no kidding when i saw it you could'a knocked me over with a pin
no kidding when i saw it you could'a knocked me over with a pin#where is matt
yeah he will have a tough time thinking up a wisecrack for this one   #the detectives got matt up there in sampsongs office
the detectives got matt up there in sampsongs office#he has
say matt i will have to have some money for those manville payrolls#how much
how much#about twentyfour thousand
about twentyfour thousand#it was more than that last week
let me have ten bucks#ten bucks say if i had ten bucks i would quit
whose death#it will be yours if you do not kick in with that ten bucks
it will be yours if you do not kick in with that ten bucks#say pal did you ever hear of a depression
say pal did you ever hear of a depression#aw nerts
where you been#where do you think i have been  i took the baby for a stroll in the park
mr dickson in yet#not yet mr clark
not yet mr clark#when he comes in tell him we are waiting for him in the board room
when he comes in tell him we are waiting for him in the board room#yes sir
yes sir#and tell him not to delay
and tell him not to delay#yes sir
do not make me laugh schultz#dickson does not have to go but he must agree to this merger with new york trust
dickson does not have to go but he must agree to this merger with new york trust#what good will that do
how are you protecting your depositors by making a lot of idiotic loans#take it easy clark
we want to talk to you#what about
what about#we will discuss that in the board room
that sounds very simple dickson but why should we jeopardize our personal fortunes#i have everything i own in it it is your bank as well as mine is not it
dickson i would like to talk to you about the bank#the bank all right do anything you want with it
come out here you pawnbrokers  take a look at this#we have been waiting fifteen minutes
i hope you do not mind me asking you a few questions mr cluett#of course yes just what would you like to know inspector
of course yes just what would you like to know inspector#where were you at twelve o'clock last night
where were you at twelve o'clock last night#that is very simple i was home
that is simple is not it i assume you can prove that if necessary#oh yes of course there was someone with me a lady
oh yes of course there was someone with me a lady#looks like you are going to have no trouble at all what was the lady's name mr cluett
you understand#why of course
stand back inspector or i will shoot drop that gun#all right jack all right
do not be a fool cluett this is only going to make it worse for you#stand back inspector let me out of here or i will shoot you
what were you doing at finlay's this morning#they took my keys yesterday i went there to get them back
confessed cluett in heavengs name what got into you#i do not know it is all been like a crazy nightmare mr dickson
i do not know it is all been like a crazy nightmare mr dickson#what happened  you are not a thief how would you get mixed up with these kind of people
what happened  you are not a thief how would you get mixed up with these kind of people#gambling  i owed them a lot of money last week i lost over fifty thousand dollars
gambling  i owed them a lot of money last week i lost over fifty thousand dollars#fifty thousand dollars
fifty thousand dollars#but i did not kill that man last night honest i did not mr dickson
what was my wife doing in your apartment last night#nothing nothing mr dickson do not pay any attention to me i do not know what i am saying
nothing nothing mr dickson do not pay any attention to me i do not know what i am saying#you just mentioned her name what was she doing there what was she doing in your apartment
you just mentioned her name what was she doing there what was she doing in your apartment#she just came up for a drink just for a few minutes
you know what we do to welchers cluett do not you#i know i know dude oh i must have been crazy i lost my head completely
i know i know dude oh i must have been crazy i lost my head completely#that is your funeral we have got fifty thousand dollars coming to us
that is your funeral we have got fifty thousand dollars coming to us#i have not got it
i am sorry dude buti#that do not do us any good
that do not do us any good#but after all you cannot take blood from a stone
but after all you cannot take blood from a stone#we can take blood from anything   if it is coming to us
good heavens man you are not suggesting that i#why not
why not#why i could not do that    
why i could not do that    #you do not have to do nothing
what do you mean#all you gotta do is fix a few things for us  and we will do the rest see
dude  there's not any chance of my becoming involved in this is there#you no you will be all right so long as you establish an alibi for tonight
you no you will be all right so long as you establish an alibi for tonight#know but
know but#be sure you are with somebody responsible in case any questions are asked understand
be sure you are with somebody responsible in case any questions are asked understand#but dude listen  could not we make this some other time
but dude listen  could not we make this some other time#listen buddy you are getting by pretty easy quit squawking
this will not do not during business hours   #why i needed a
what is the matter with you you are trembling#am i why i  i do not know any reason why i should be unless of course it is you   
well you can you always could#liar you are just suffering from lack of sleep
what is#running around not your work  you would better start reforming cyril
running around not your work  you would better start reforming cyril#if i thought you were the slightest bit interested i would
if i thought you were the slightest bit interested i would#not bad not bad at all do you know something i have always been curious about your line
but you see it is not blarney where you are concerned#now let me see what comes next  oh yes i know  what are you doing tonight phyllis
does not that come next#yes yes it does what are you doing tonight phyllis
yes yes it does what are you doing tonight phyllis#see we are getting along famously
well what#well are not you going to invite me
well are not you going to invite me#you no can do it is all set just a few of tom's closest friends
you no can do it is all set just a few of tom's closest friends#now phyllis if you do not invite me i am coming anyway
now phyllis if you do not invite me i am coming anyway#do not be silly cyril these are respectable people they would probably bore you to death
do not be silly cyril these are respectable people they would probably bore you to death#no they will not not when you are there oh please be a sport please ask me
no they will not not when you are there oh please be a sport please ask me#why are you so anxious
why are you so anxious#do not you know
do not you know i have been crazy about you for years#now wait a minute wait a minute
now wait a minute wait a minute#i have loved you ever since i can remember long before you married tom dickson
i have loved you ever since i can remember long before you married tom dickson#why cyril you are insane
that is this#my apartment
my apartment#i knew i could not trust you you told me you were taking me home
i knew i could not trust you you told me you were taking me home#come on up for just a few minutes we will have just one drink then we will go
come on up for just a few minutes we will have just one drink then we will go#no i know the answer to that one  i think you would better take me home
no i know the answer to that one  i think you would better take me home#that is the matter afraid papa will spank
oh you are not so badly off there's something much worse than being a misunderstood wife#what is that mr bones[7]
what is that mr bones[7]#a misunderstood bachelor
and now fair woman i have you in my power#i am not afraid of you you have not got a moustache
i am not afraid of you you have not got a moustache#i will grow a moustache by the time you get out of here
why matt#what are you doing here
are the payrolls ready for tomorrow#yes sir
yes sir#let me see your cash book will you
the butler said i could stay i told him it was important#oh yeah
well i thought i would like to have a little talk with you#i am listening
that will be just about enough now get out of here#i guess i have said enough  i am just wasting my breath talking to you
good morning mr dickson#john how is your wife this morning
john how is your wife this morning#much better this morning thank you
much better this morning thank you#got a handkerchief
excuse me#wait a minute  how do you feel this morning
wait a minute  how do you feel this morning#i am feeling fine this morning
i am feeling fine this morning#that makes it unanimous i feel all right too
that makes it unanimous i feel all right too#thank you
shall we let the people come in#of course let them in you are late now
good morning mr dickson my wife is much better this morning#well that is too bad mine's all right too
well look who's here hello dear#hello darling
it is amazing that your sweet lovely gorgeous wife can ever get to see you#oooh that has the earmarks
that is the matter dear what have i done now#nothing tom i thought you were going out with me tonight
nothing tom i thought you were going out with me tonight#oh i did have a date with you tonight did not i
now tom you simply cannot go to philadelphia tonight that is all there is to it#but i have to go dear it is a very important banker's meeting
listen it is not so terribly important we can go to the theatre any time#the theatre
the theatre#that is what it was you planned was not it
that is what it was you planned was not it#yes of course
yes of course#you can take some of the girls you can take mildred  or gwynn
all right i will postpone the whole thing until tomorrow night#happy now
last night er  why  uh last night   #listen dear now tell me the truth about this were you in cluett's apartment
listen dear now tell me the truth about this were you in cluett's apartment#in cluett's apartment well dear you see i    i   
good morning#helen you are becoming more beautiful every day what are we going to do about it
helen you are becoming more beautiful every day what are we going to do about it#i do not know
i do not know#guess we will just have to sacrifice the bank when are you and matt going to get married
guess we will just have to sacrifice the bank when are you and matt going to get married#why  well i
why  well i#ummm stalling eh  anything new
ummm stalling eh  anything new#why the directors are waiting for you in the board room
why the directors are waiting for you in the board room#directors eh long faces
helen tell matt i want to see him#yes sir
oh mr dickson  they are going to arrest matt they think he did it#where is he now
where is he now#in mr sampsongs office
in mr sampsongs office#now do not you worry about it
you want the rest of those numbers mr dickson#numbers no never mind
good morning helen#good morning
good morning#say i know that is the matter with you matt
helen i am going to philadelphia just as soon as the bank closes make all the arrangements will you#yes sir
mr sampson   #all right send him in
good morning mrs pembroke#good morning mr dickson
good morning mr dickson#got my letter
got my letter#yes thank you
yes thank you#hello helen
wait a minute where is your uniform#i have not any
i have not any#you have not got a uniform
you have not got a uniform#no sir
no sir#my goodness you ought to have a uniform how much does one cost
my goodness you ought to have a uniform how much does one cost#why i do not know
why i do not know#you see sampson tell him i sent you you have got to have a uniform
oh make that uniform blue#yes sir
well well well  got your uniform eh#yes sir
yes sir#looks good how much did it cost
looks good how much did it cost#i do not know mr sampson bought it for me
that is the matter you do not seem very excited about it#sure i think it is swell
well i#i suppose you want me to fix that up for you too eh
i already told him i was home#there you are
no i will not#you are protecting somebody
you are protecting somebody#no i am not mr dickson
why would not you tell me where you were last night#you are not giving up are you mr dickson
you are not giving up are you mr dickson#were you in cluett's apartment
were you in cluett's apartment#oh i can explain about that later you are losing your bank  do not you realize what that means
oh i can explain about that later you are losing your bank  do not you realize what that means#was mrs dickson there
wait a minute answer my question was mrs dickson there#well    uh    i   
well    uh    i   #she was was not she how long has this been going on do you know
i want you both to take the day off go downtown and get a license and get married right away#but i have not   
i am afraid i must mr dickson#why pick on him 
what time did this thing happen#the clock opposite the vault was stopped by a bullet at 1209
the clock opposite the vault was stopped by a bullet at 1209#all right if the boy proves an alibi he is all right is not he
all right if the boy proves an alibi he is all right is not he#if he can do it yes
what are you talking about he had no more to do with it than you did#maybe but i am taking no chances  why this kid's got a record
of course it is true  and he knows it#listen matt if you do not tell the truth i cannot help you where were you last night
you were right mr dickson brown did not have anything to do with it here's your man#why you must be crazy i have known this man for years
why you must be crazy i have known this man for years#he is just confessed he is been mixed up with the toughest gangsters in town
my wife that is she got to do with you#no wonder he did not want to mention her name
well sampson what is it#here's the data on the clyde deal
the lobby's half filled now#what are you talking about
they have been coming in steady all morning i have called for some extra police#all right send down to the vaults and have our reserve cash sent up here right away
look at them mr dickson they are going crazy#did you get the case for the securities
did you get the case for the securities#yes sir
yes sir#mine too
mine too#yes sir but soon as our money runs out they will mob the place
we cannot keep open till four o'clock we have not cash enough to last an hour#do not you think i know it
yes ma'am you can deposit your money here#is it safe
howdoyoudo mrs dickson#is that busy husband of mine busy
is that busy husband of mine busy#he is at a board meeting
he is at a board meeting#board meeting oh that means hours i suppose
board meeting oh that means hours i suppose#i am afraid so
i am afraid so#helen did you ever try competing with a bank
hello helen#matt come here
hey look out somebody's likely to see us#oh is that so
what did you do with it#with what
with what#the ten dollars
the ten dollars#oh ten dollars
all right i am lying do not forget you called me a liar#oh matt
say i just heard the merger is not going thru is not that grand#yeah swell
that is the matter matt gee i thought you would be thrilled to death#come here  you know a few minutes ago i was in cluett's office and mrs dickson was there
oh matt you must be mistaken#i tell you i saw them
in cluett's office#yes right in his office the rat i would like to take a crack at that guy
that is keeping you#oh charlie again
oh charlie again#say matt you have not done anything about what you saw today have you
say matt you have not done anything about what you saw today have you#who cluett no not yet but i would like to take a crack at that stiff necked horse dollar[6]
who cluett no not yet but i would like to take a crack at that stiff necked horse dollar[6]#oh now do not be silly
oh now do not be silly#can you imagine that guy he was kissing her
can you imagine that guy he was kissing her#now you have got me worried dear  promise me you will not butt in
now you have got me worried dear  promise me you will not butt in#okay honey  but just the same i would like to take a crack at that
shh      i will wait for you upstairs#all right dear
oh matt   #do not cry honey everything's gonna be all right
that is he doing honey is he getting any help#something's happened he is not trying anymore
something's happened he is not trying anymore#they must have turned him down
they must have turned him down#yes he called some of the biggest people in town
yes he called some of the biggest people in town#sure they would turn him down he ought to know that i am going in there and talk to him
did you talk to him#yeah  i got an idea come on let's get to a telephone
dicksongs in a jam i tell you the rungs getting worse#mr williams   
did you say dude finlay#yes why
yes why#he was in the bank yesterday
he was in the bank yesterday#he was here
he was here#he came to see mr cluett
he came to see mr cluett#are you sure
are you sure#yes sir
never mind all that what did you find out#he left here about an hour ago and went down to dude finlay's joint
he left here about an hour ago and went down to dude finlay's joint#dude finlay
dude finlay#yes sir
do you know this young man mrs halligan#sure i do he has the best room in me house the one with the fancy wallpaper
for the rheumatism you know#what time was it mrs halligan
what time was it mrs halligan#it was late i know the dooley sisters was already in they work at a show you know
what time did matt brown get in#now let me see  a half hour after the dooley sisters  and the dooley sisters never get home until after
now let me see  a half hour after the dooley sisters  and the dooley sisters never get home until after#i do not care about the dooley sisters  what time did he get in
i do not care about the dooley sisters  what time did he get in#that is just what i am trying to tell you sir it was a half hour after the dooley sisters   
that is just what i am trying to tell you sir it was a half hour after the dooley sisters   #was it twelve o'clock
yes i guess it was one 'cause#it could not have been earlier
it could not have been earlier#no it was not earlier because
no it was not earlier because#yes i know cause the dooley sisters were not in yet
yes i know cause the dooley sisters were not in yet#no  because me clock struck four and when it strikes four it is one
no  because me clock struck four and when it strikes four it is one#there you are
listen here young man  nobody ever called me a liar yet and got away with it#that is all mrs halligan thanks
was not anywhere near this place#sit down when the watchman surprised you you shot him  what would you do with the gun
sit down when the watchman surprised you you shot him  what would you do with the gun#i did not do it i have not got a gun
i did not do it i have not got a gun#you used to carry a gun did not you
then who changed it#i do not know
what time did you get in#well about  uh  eleven o'clock
well about  uh  eleven o'clock#eleven o'clock eh are you sure it was that
but i was not here mr dickson honest i was not   #then where were you
you are carrying too much money on you hank you better turn some in tonight#okay matt
how are you fixed#i am okay matt
i am okay matt#you have got enough
that mug reminds me of a guy with his second dollar#yeah what did he do with his first one
yeah what did he do with his first one#bought himself a pocketbook
everybody in#i guess so
i guess so#where is charlie
where is charlie#charlie's upstairs as sore as a pup he is out fourteen cents and he cannot find it
you can ride like that#i said like a comanche not this comanche
i think i may just go on to the reservation#tom i am this close to coming with you
i could not lose him#jim younger i told you
this is healing#sometimes a wound will kill
sometimes a wound will kill#now you tell us
gatling they have got a gatling#dammit this stopped being fun about two years ago
he is smiling#never a good thing
never thought that pissant town would look so pretty#anywhere nobody's shooting at me is pretty
your ma would not let us leave until we ate something#that was two hours ago
here's liberty's favorite son  i will never forget what you did cousin#zee i am pleased you came
our place clell miller's sammy johnston the creeders will hite#the sheriff says it was a gang of drunk kansas boys
the sheriff says it was a gang of drunk kansas boys#i say we ride into town and kill us some pinkertons and railroad men
these are deeds and mortgages of farms the bank was holding for the railroad#better pass them over here before something happens to 'em
uhh yeah it does#you stay out of this bob
we got a problem here brother#frankly yes i am feeling a little left out
this is the best score yet#it is still taking too long the people used to snap to
it is still taking too long the people used to snap to#that was because of the reputation the gang had
that was because of the reputation the gang had#as long as people think jesse's still riding we will never get the respect we deserve
as long as people think jesse's still riding we will never get the respect we deserve#cole we are outlaws not exactly the most respectable job if you know what i mean
cole we are outlaws not exactly the most respectable job if you know what i mean#leave me alone bob
how would they #what have you done
what have you done#i ai not done 
i ai not done #what have you done
i swear #swear on jimmy's grave
i am sorry cole#you are just upset about jesse we all are
things changed when you quit the gang for example i am now the one who says let's ride#he is not bad at it
he is not bad at it#it is tougher than it looks
my plan of lying here pissing myself seems to be working mighty fine thank you#i can hit those boys from here we just need a distraction
jesus mercy that is charlie higgins dave laller # will perry 
cole i want to get to the farm make sure little jim and the girls are okay#stop by our spread after that tell our ma we are all right we will go to doc mimms
oh no#he just lost his temper a little
they said because the detectives were working for the department of the interior #the army can hang him
you have no shame#not yet but i am hoping
okay folks i think we know how this is going to go#one false move and i will blow your heads off
beg pardon#you heard me jesse you know how crazy i get
this is about the wanted posters is not it#yes i am obviously not standing out in people's minds at the robberies
the things a fella has to do to get a little respect around here#you are a fine figure of a man
you are a fine figure of a man#listen jesse we have got a problem  it is cole
listen jesse we have got a problem  it is cole#he is been full of vinegar lately
he is been full of vinegar lately#he is planning a job
listen he is my brother and i do not want to start trouble#tell me
what you saying boy#i think i recognize you
about time you got here buddy#that is going on
ride with me cousin#i could use the walk
i could use the walk#suit yourself we will have some horses waiting for you at the road  let's ride rangers
where you boys going#there's yankees back there lot's of 'em
home boys back to our farms#planting corn harvesting corn year after year
hands off your hip cole#you are not scared are you
you are not scared are you#pick your fights cousin you taught me that
not now#what is wrong with you
what is wrong with you#in case we have to kill these sonofabitches i do not want them to see us coming
you ever notice zerelda's eyes#she got two of them
she had a moustache#she was european
she was european#all right calm down i will agree sadie was a woman 
thanks for the help#after all you did on our farm  you miss it do not you jesse
after all you did on our farm  you miss it do not you jesse#the war what are you crazy  there are things i miss about it
the war what are you crazy  there are things i miss about it#it was exciting
it was exciting#but it was a whole lot of killing why should we miss that
so what do we do general lee#just like in the war harass their supply lines we kill the railroad's men they will not care
perfect cole#let's ride
i got seven thousand#i got three
see frank's being smart about this#just because he reads all those books and knows all those big words does not make him smart
jesse we got to have a word#sure cousin
sure cousin#all the posters and newspapers are calling this bunch the jamesyounger gang
this is your fault for hogging all the publicity#hold on hold on we all know bob is an important part of the gang
it will be the biggest score yet#what will be
smells funny it being mentioned in the paper#if you would read about it first you would have no problems
if you would read about it first you would have no problems#what are you saying
now the one time one of us comes up with an idea #a bad idea
a bad idea#i got us through the war all right
i got us through the war all right#and almost got hanged in peacetime
and almost got hanged in peacetime#that is it
i am the better soldier jesse#and i am the better outlaw
still smells fishy#then let me run the show general lee
okay you are gonna rest here#clell tom go get doc mimms in liberty
bob rip up some bandages#pass me some whisky
we will make them pay for this#i am out
i am out#what we follow you for a year and now that our blood's been spilled you are gonna quit
what we follow you for a year and now that our blood's been spilled you are gonna quit#who's next you me bob
missed you cousin#missed you too cousin
you know you getting caught right after leaving us some people thought #pff all we been through the thought never crossed my mind
where would you get all these riders#we did not zerelda did turns out your wife makes a hell of an outlaw
some indian tracker you turned out to be tom#you pay me to find you bluecoats there they are
cannon or gatling#both would be nice
both would be nice#soon as i hit one the other will know and beat us up
what the #must be a garrison in town we are in occupied territory boys
i think one of 'em's glass#which one right or left
which one right or left#the brown one
oh lord the dance hall girl at bunty's#sadie was not a man
i have no idea what you just said but it sounded real nice#shakespeare  he is european
bastards come back here and face me#get buckets
another dozen out back#they gonna rush us
they gonna rush us#they are just insurance in case we run
the safe now#of course  uh sir
where is jesse james#this here is the younger gang
open the damn safe#all right all right  jesse james never yelled at folk
you 'um big lawman#yeah injun what do you want
yeah injun what do you want#great chief of st louis send me
great chief of st louis send me#the district marshall
go ahead to the saloon but do not get too drunk#me get heap firewater 
i know it ai not no durned bank holiday#you are right sir
you are right sir#then why cannot i go in there
then why cannot i go in there#on account of we are robbing it
on account of we are robbing it#oh why did not you just say so
oh why did not you just say so#it is a secret
it is a secret#fine i will just wait here
fine i will just wait here#i would appreciate that
what the #what is it
what is it#old man tucker is just standing quiet outside the bank
where the hell were you#i had you covered  from back there
 rode right into them screaming like a banshee#my little web did that
my little web did that#pff he jumped his horse clear over our heads killed a dozen union soldiers before they knew what hit them
web died fighting#died a hero
what do you say sir#go on you are pretty much all healed up
he is going to be fine right daddy#the bullet came out clean but he lost a whole lot of blood praying would not hurt
they are gone what are you #i fooled them into thinking i was alone
i fooled them into thinking i was alone#well i hope the boy pulls through we should know in the morning
well i hope the boy pulls through we should know in the morning#i think he is already feeling better
every time i put my head up to hit that gatling they try to shoot it off#so we got a plan
distracting enough for you#pff they hardly even noticed you
pff they hardly even noticed you#so you are saying i could have done more to attract their attention
such as#you could have worn one of those big floppy womangs easter sunday hats
you could have worn one of those big floppy womangs easter sunday hats#that would have made an impression
that would have made an impression#i figure
i figure#see that is your problem frank by the time you finish figuring out stuff i am already finished doing it
see that is your problem frank by the time you finish figuring out stuff i am already finished doing it#no jesse your problem is you are always doing stuff before i am finished figuring it out
web's dead#i reckoned
i reckoned#hell of a war
hell of a war#i am sure it seemed like a good idea at the time
looks like web mimms was not the only casualty this towngs got#we better go to doc's see that is going on here
frank do not you have something to say#you are doing just fine
you are doing just fine#zee we got to talk to you and your father
think about this if we just come up with a story and stick to it we should be all right#what kind of story are they going to believe
that just might work#maybe maybe
big and older#you can shut up now
you can shut up now#you are a charmer
you are a charmer#i swear i will shoot you in your sleep
i swear i will shoot you in your sleep#next time try fat and haggard
she is still talking to jesus#what worries me is that jesus is talking back
you know him#heard of him
you ready to stop loafing around with this young lady and get back to farming#what do you think
you are looking a bit more spry now that somebody #shut up  uh doc i was wondering if uh this evening i could come by
 we could move on rebuild make a decent life someplace else#do not care
do not care#did not think you would  i am going to go make the coffin
did not think you would  i am going to go make the coffin#make a thousand of 'em still will not be enough by the time i am through
how would it go in there#fine how would it go out here
fine how would it go out here#we are gonna have to talk
and i planned getting you off the hangmangs deck #and that is why you both lead the gang two of you went into that bank together right
and it is guarded by pinkerton detectives#and i do so want to shoot some pinkerton detectives
gents we are in the middle of something here#bob's upset
bob's upset#the posters
pardon the delay folks but we had to get mad bob younger under control#bob here will kill a man for sneezing and he is the best shot in the gang
this has been a good year#jesse we are outlaws
jesse we are outlaws#and we are good at it
and we are good at it#it got to you did not it all the killing in the war you need it now
it got to you did not it all the killing in the war you need it now#you have killed your fair share of men
you have killed your fair share of men#if i could go back to farming 
if i could go back to farming #that is a lie you could have bought a dozen farms with the money we have stolen
that is a lie you could have bought a dozen farms with the money we have stolen#i cannot quit and leave you alone i cannot quit until you quit ma would have wanted it that way
i cannot quit and leave you alone i cannot quit until you quit ma would have wanted it that way#we are doing this for ma
we are doing this for ma#maybe it started out that way but now
we are drunk#oh yeah
oh yeah#just do me a favor think about what this is costing everybody not just the railroad
you taking sides against me now frank#no i 
they are all pinned down cannot even get to the door#got any ideas little brother
shoulda learned with web made it look fun made it look like an adventure got web killed now jim#jim was old enough
railroad burned him out too you could not have stopped him#you are a pisspoor liar for the smartest man i know
a war against the railroad what the hell were we thinking#i am sure it seemed like a good idea at the time
i will meet you down there in a few weeks#see you soon oh and i appreciate the distraction back there
see you soon oh and i appreciate the distraction back there#hell they hardly even noticed us
y'know uncle frank#yeah jimmy
sounds like he was a hell of a man#that he was
that he was#they are making him a hero now
they are making him a hero now#saved a lot of folk from the railroad
saved a lot of folk from the railroad#but he killed a lot of men too
but he killed a lot of men too#cannot argue that
cannot argue that#so what was he
so what was he#i think he was just a real interesting fella to have around
uncle frank#yeah jimmy
yeah jimmy#how much of that story is true
how much of that story is true#everything but the boring parts
did you kill yankees#a fair number ma
a fair number ma#say your prayers
ma i am glad to see you being nice to our injun friend#he is a good christian and he killed yankees jesus told me that made him an all right boy
the lord says we can bury 'em out back in the orchard nobody will ever find them#somebody's in a vengeful smiting mood today
we know ma now we got to get you to doc mimms#take care of each other boys you say your prayers
zerelda little zee mimms#you were little jesse james when you left
you were little jesse james when you left#but you got big
but still died#if there's anything we can do for you dr mimms we want to help
you should not be up#i have been on my back two weeks i am sick of it
i have been on my back two weeks i am sick of it#you are sick of my company
you are sick of my company#no i mean of course not no
no i mean of course not no#teasing you is completely unfair
teasing you is completely unfair#what you do to me is unfair the teasing i mean
what you do to me is unfair the teasing i mean#i should not tease a hero
i was not the only one risking my neck that day#so you are saying i should leave you alone and go spend time with jimmy younger
so you are saying i should leave you alone and go spend time with jimmy younger#unfair you are completely unfair
you did not want to farm#i was thinking more along the lines of being a river pirate
i was thinking more along the lines of being a river pirate#a river pirate
a river pirate#arr hand over your jewels missy
arr hand over your jewels missy#thank god you grew out of that  you did grow out of that did not you
thank god you grew out of that  you did grow out of that did not you#mostly it would be an all right life for a bachelor
mostly it would be an all right life for a bachelor#you planning on being a bachelor your whole life jesse james
you planning on being a bachelor your whole life jesse james#not if i find the right girl
not if i find the right girl#and that is this right girl like
and that is this right girl like#smart funny bossy always makes me think she is two steps ahead of me and big buck teeth
smart funny bossy always makes me think she is two steps ahead of me and big buck teeth#where will you find such a girl
where will you find such a girl#honestly you would do if only you had the buck teeth
ahem from this doctrine no ah from womengs eyes this doctrine i derive they sparkle still like  shiny sparkling rocks#sparkling rocks
sparkling rocks#little ones
little ones#is this one of frank's shakespeare poems you are trying to quote
were you planning on kissing me when you finished quoting#i have been planning on kissing you for a very long time
i am so sorry jesse#frank and me have to go away for a while
you and i we have started something you know  i do not know what will happen if you do this#me neither
me neither#let the law 
let the law #laws do not touch men like thaddeus rains only justice does
laws do not touch men like thaddeus rains only justice does#whose justice yours or god's  when will you stop
whose justice yours or god's  when will you stop#when my name makes them cry in their sleep when i have brought them to ashes
jesse what are you thinking there are bounty hunters and lawmen all over this county#i had to see you i am getting married
i do not understand#she is the most wonderful woman in the world cannot get her out of my mind
she is the most wonderful woman in the world cannot get her out of my mind#that is wonderful it is just i thought
that is wonderful it is just i thought#she is beautiful smart and has the biggest buck teeth in all of missouri
i would never have imagined us in a place like this#that is why i picked it we can start a whole new life down here
that is why i picked it we can start a whole new life down here#are you going to be happy here mr james without all that excitement
i beg your pardon#blazing guns of the west true stories of jesse james only a dime in the hotel lobby
blazing guns of the west true stories of jesse james only a dime in the hotel lobby#let me see that
aw shucks ma'am#stop it this is just sad
stop it this is just sad#swimming swimming is good
you get arrested again i will kill you#yes ma'am
yes ma'am#i cannot believe i had to blow up a train for you
i cannot believe i had to blow up a train for you#you are a hell of a woman
you are a hell of a woman#do not swear
do not swear#yes ma'am
we are moving you tomorrow#but i like the presidential suite
so i will get a fair trial in front of a jury bought off by thaddeus rains#that is the idea
did you order our houses burned down#not that day i am guilty of many things but that was mr thaddeus rains and parker that day
how did you spot the ambush in torrell#last february
almost got me in billings i saw you there shooting at me#i went myself to oversee the operation did not help much
i went myself to oversee the operation did not help much#no that one was close a couple fellas quit after that one
oh that is nice to know  we are going to hang you you know#i figured
i figured#was it worth it
was it worth it#should have just killed thaddeus rains and been done with it
should have just killed thaddeus rains and been done with it#that is what i would have done
that is what i would have done#i am not hanged yet
i am not hanged yet#you cocky little bastard
you cocky little bastard#ahh you will miss me
ahh you will miss me#no i will hang you  but i may miss you just a bit
that was for my ma now this is for everybody else#he is too important james  they will set the army on you you and your wife
i would just as soon kill you jesse james but chasing you takes up too much of my time#fair enough
this is unusual most of our marriages are members of the congregation#you do not think god will mind do you
discretion sir i am a man of the cloth#thank you
thank you#who needs to repair a leaky church roof
now let's have a drink#right here in church
and you are too young#i am the same age you were when you went off to war
i am the same age you were when you went off to war#and the same age web was no
you okay jesse#yeah hey are you drinking whisky you are too young to be drinking whisky
yeah hey are you drinking whisky you are too young to be drinking whisky#not too young to shoot a man not to young to drink
not too young to shoot a man not to young to drink#i guess so
jim you been with a girl yet#tonight why i am just getting ready to turn on the younger charm
well not exactly#you been with a girl ever
i swear#tell you something else  i cannot drink that good neither i am going to go outside and throw up
tell you something else  i cannot drink that good neither i am going to go outside and throw up#you do that
 too young for whisky#this time we will make an exception
this time we will make an exception#jesse you explain to lyla my girl you know from that time
jesse you explain to lyla my girl you know from that time#you are gonna tell her when you are resting up in bed with her jimmy
why yeah#i hope you do not mind jesse james told me your name
i hope you do not mind jesse james told me your name#oh you were talking to jesse
oh you were talking to jesse#yes but just so i could find out who you were
i hope i am not being too forward#not at all
not at all#i just though you were awful cute
i just though you were awful cute#thank you miss  
thank you miss  #lyla devereux
lyla devereux#gosh that is a pretty name buy you a drink
gosh that is a pretty name buy you a drink#could we go upstairs and talk it is so loud down here
could we go upstairs and talk it is so loud down here#why do not we get a bottle of sherry to sip while we talk
why do not we get a bottle of sherry to sip while we talk#that is so gentlemanly of you
well this land is about to be condemned#i am doing you folks a favor 
my professional opinion is that you have managed to piss off the wrong bunch of farm boys this time#they had to be dealt with
they had to be dealt with#by burning down their homes
there's only four of them#move you fools
mr thaddeus rains sir it is a pleasure to have you join us in the field#and it is my pleasure to be here
leaving you in charge of operations until he recovers#yes sir
yes sir#just perfect
i see i will get together four patrols of our detectives for action tonight#i will teach these podunks what happens when they challenge the righteousness of progress
how much did they get from the safe#thirtyfive thousand sir coins and currency and the delay from the miles of destroyed track 
thirtyfive thousand sir coins and currency and the delay from the miles of destroyed track #i will kill them for blowing up my railway
i will kill them for blowing up my railway#to be precise they did not blow up the tracks
to be precise they did not blow up the tracks#then who did
then who did#we did
your men knew the risks#what is going on here man
with my money#we should go burn that school to the ground sir
the final route for the railroad is complete#i look forward to seeing it
what is that#what sir
this is him#i remember you
how did you know#not such a menace now is he pinkerton
look at this pinkerton they got the payroll and this damage will set construction back two months at least#not to mention my men who lost their lives
you would not have done that#oh no i would have done that but i would have made sure i killed them too
oh no i would have done that but i would have made sure i killed them too#i want them arrested and hanged
i want them arrested and hanged#would a jury around here convict their own i think not we are beginning an interesting game here mr rains
would a jury around here convict their own i think not we are beginning an interesting game here mr rains#this is no game
this is no game#i am afraid our adversaries do not agree
so you cannot tell me anything#it is going to be a long winter
i cannot believe this#and there are some towns in missouri where james and his men can walk openly as heroes
yes that is the way to win the locals back to our side#i demand action
cannot you tell me anything#it is going to be a long spring
in english pinkerton#there are only four banks within that travel radius which they have not robbed
there are only four banks within that travel radius which they have not robbed#can you put men at all four
can you put men at all four#no need i have another tool at my disposal which will narrow it down to one bank
no need i have another tool at my disposal which will narrow it down to one bank#what is that
what is that#why their intense hatred of you of course
listen what are you doing tonight#what oh i ambusy
stop it i am#on a lot of lithium
on a lot of lithium#waiting for luis to call me he said he would call tonight oh do not be difficult patrick
waiting for luis to call me he said he would call tonight oh do not be difficult patrick#you should come have dinner with me courtney butwhen
you should come have dinner with me courtney butwhen#am i confused or were we talking about tonight
am i confused or were we talking about tonight#ummm   yeah luis is calling me tonight i need to be home for that
pumpkin you are dating an asshole#uh huh
uh huh#pumpkin you are dating the biggest dickweed in new york
pumpkin you are dating the biggest dickweed in new york#i know stop it
i know stop it#pumpkin you are dating a tumbling tumbling dickweed
pumpkin you are dating a tumbling tumbling dickweed#patrick do not call me pumpkin anymore okay i have to go
patrick do not call me pumpkin anymore okay i have to go#courtney dinner
courtney dinner#i cannot
i cannot#i am thinking dorsia
i am thinking dorsia#dorsia's nice
pick me up#sounds like i will have to do not fall asleep okay wear something fabulous dorsia remember
is that donald trump's car#oh god patrick shut up
this is dorsia#yes dear
luis is a despicable twit#yes luis is a despicable twit i hate him
is it a what#pull out
pull out#i am ignoring you
i am ignoring you#pull out goddamnit
pull out goddamnit#what do you want courtney
it is a plain end i think#turn the light on
oh jesus i am going home#patrick turn on the light he turns on the light
patrick turn on the light he turns on the light#it is a plain end see so
it is a plain end see so#take it off
see happy you dumb bitch are you happy you dumb bitch#oh god just get it over with
what are you doing tonight#dinner at the river cafe au bar afterwards maybe
dinner at the river cafe au bar afterwards maybe#that is nice
that is nice#you andluis
you andluis#we were supposed to have dinner at tad and maura's butyou know how luis is
we were supposed to have dinner at tad and maura's butyou know how luis is#i never knew you smoked
i never knew you smoked#you never noticed
listenpatrick can we talk#you look marvelous there's nothing to say you are going to marry luis next week no less
you look marvelous there's nothing to say you are going to marry luis next week no less#is not that special  patrick
is not that special  patrick#yes courtney
i have not seen you around here#you just have not been looking
you just have not been looking#would you like to see my apartment
do you want to come to my apartment or not#i am not supposed to  but i can make an exception
i am not supposed to  but i can make an exception#do you take american express
you have a really nice place herepaul how much did you pay for it#actually that is none of your business christie hut i can assure you it certainly was not cheap
i am not so sure about this i had to go to emergency after last time#oh this will not be anything like last time i promise
oh this will not be anything like last time i promise#i do not think so
so you are looking great how have you been#well i actually might need a little surgery after last time
my friend told me i should maybe even get a lawyer#oh lawyers are so complicateddo not do that here
this is nicer than your other apartment#it is not that nice
yes darling#is your evian spiked
is your evian spiked#we should do it
we should do it#noi cannot take the time off work
noi cannot take the time off work#your father practically owns the company you can do anything you like silly
your father practically owns the company you can do anything you like silly#i do not want to talk about it
i do not want to talk about it#well you hate that job anyway why do not you just quit you do not have to work
well you hate that job anyway why do not you just quit you do not have to work#because iwanttofitin
pat this is my cousin vanden and her boyfriend stash he is an artist#hi pat bateman
why don t you just go for price#oh god patrick why price price
oh god patrick why price price#he is rich
he is rich#everybody's rich
everybody's rich#he is goodlooking
he is goodlooking#everybody's goodlooking patrick
everybody's goodlooking patrick#he has a great body
he has a great body#everybody has a great body now
are you using minoxidil#no i am not why should i 
no i am not why should i #your hairline looks like it is receding
your hairline looks like it is receding#it is not
i want a firm commitment#i think evelyn that we havelost touch
we need to talk#talk about what patrick what is there to talk about
talk about what patrick what is there to talk about#it is over evelyn it is all over
you are really serious are not you#yes i am
yes i am#but what about the past our past
but what about the past our past#we never really shared one
we never really shared one#you are inhuman
you are inhuman#i amin touch with humanity evelyn i am sorry  you are just not terribly important to me
no no no#i know my behavior iserratic sometimes
if you really want to do something for me you can stop making this scene right now#oh god i cannot believe this
oh god i cannot believe this#i am leaving now i have assessed the situation and i am going
where are you going#i am just leaving
i am just leaving#but where
but where#i have to return some videotapes
picked them up from the printers yesterday#good coloring
good coloring#that is bone and the lettering is something called silian rail
but laurie kennedy is a total hardbody what do you think bateman#i know her i knew her
because he dated her#how did you guess
how did you guess#girls dig bateman he is cq you are total cq bateman
girls dig bateman he is cq you are total cq bateman#thanks guy butshe is got a lousy personality
do you know what ed gein said about women#ed gein maitre d' at canal bar
ed gein maitre d' at canal bar#no serial killer wisconsin in the fifties he was an interesting guy
listen what about dinner#is that all you ever have to contribute van patten what about fucking dinner
can i help you#i am looking forpaul owengsplace
does not he live here#no he does not
no he does not#are you sure
are you sure#you saw the ad in the times
you saw the ad in the times#no yes i mean yes i did in the times but does not paul owen still live here
no yes i mean yes i did in the times but does not paul owen still live here#there was no ad in the times
i think you should go now#but i thinki want to know what happened here
but i thinki want to know what happened here#do not make any trouble please i suggest you go
do not come back#i will notdo not worry
excuse me gentlemen right back he approaches carnes cautiously#face itthe japanese will own most of this country by the end of the '90s
jesus davis yes that was hilarious that was you was not it#yes naturally
yes naturally#bateman killing owen and the escort girls oh that s fabulous that is rich
it was a pretty long message was not it#what exactly do you mean
what exactly do you mean#the message you left
by the way davis how is cynthia you are still seeing her right#but wait harold what do you mean
what are you talking about bateman is what#oh christ he can barely pick up an escort girl let alonewhat was it you said he did to her
but that is simply not possible and i do not find this funny anymore#it never was supposed to he why is not it possible
it never was supposed to he why is not it possible#it is just not
it is just not#why not you stupid bastard
because i had dinner with paul owen twice in londonjust ten days ago#no youdid not
no youdid not#now if you will excuse me
patrick thanks so much for looking after courtney dorsia how impressive how on earth did you get a reservation there#lucky i guess
lucky i guess#that is a wonderful jacket let me guess valentino couture
that is a wonderful jacket let me guess valentino couture#uh huh
uh huh#it looks so soft
it looks so soft#your compliment was sufficient luis
patrick is that you#no luis it is not me you are mistaken
call me please patrick#jesus lives luis
where are you going#i have gottai have gottareturn some videotapes
van patten looks puffy has he stopped working out#it looks that way does not it
that is paul owen#that is not paul owen paul owengs on the other side of the room over there
i am not sure guy but i do not think dyslexia is a virus#oh who knows they do not know that prove it
jeez that is not a helluva lot is it#maybe it is just the light
maybe it is just the light#is he fucking selling it by the milligram  oh my god
it is definitely weak but i have a feeling if we do enough of it we will be okay#i want to get high off this bateman not sprinkle it on my fucking allbran
shut up#calm down let's do it anyway
calm down let's do it anyway#i guess you are right  that is if the faggot in the next stall thinks it is okay
that is that a gram#new card what do you think
i cannot believe that price prefers mcdermott's card to mine#but wait you ai not seen nothing yet
raised lettering pale nimbus white#impressive very nice let's see paul owengs card
yes carongs right gorbachev's not downstairs he is at tunnel#ask me a question
i am leaving i am getting out#leaving what
do not i will drink it#listen to me patrick i am leaving
listen to me patrick i am leaving#where to are you going to go get a gram
where to are you going to go get a gram#i am leaving iamleaving
i am leaving iamleaving#do not tell memerchant banking
do not tell memerchant banking#no you dumb son of a bitch i am serious i am disappearing
no you dumb son of a bitch i am serious i am disappearing#where to morgan stanley rehab what
marcus halberstam for two at eight#your friend has already been seated follow me mr halberstam
dorsia yes#yes can you take two tonight oh let's say at nine o'clock
we are totally booked#oh really that is great
oh really that is great#i said we are totally booked
i said we are totally booked#two at nine perfect
two at nine perfect#there are no tables available tonight the waiting list is also totally booked
there are no tables available tonight the waiting list is also totally booked#see you then
aerobics class sorry any messages#ricky hendricks has to cancel today he did not say what he was canceling or why
ricky hendricks has to cancel today he did not say what he was canceling or why#i occasionally box with ricky at the harvard club anyone else
i occasionally box with ricky at the harvard club anyone else#andspencer wants to meet you for a drink at fluties pier 17
after six#negative cancel it
okay jean i need reservations for three at camols at twelvethirty and if not there try crayons all right#yes sir
oh something  romantic#no silly forget it i will make them thanks
no silly forget it i will make them thanks#i will do it
i will do it#no no be a doll and just get me a perrier okay
no no be a doll and just get me a perrier okay#you look nice today
is that the ransom file thanks do not wear that outfit again#ummmwhat i did not hear you
ummmwhat i did not hear you#i said do not wear that outfit again wear a dress a skirt or something
you do not like this i take it#come on you are prettier than that
come on you are prettier than that#thanks patrick
yees jean#patrick a mr donald kimball is here to see you
tell him i am at lunch#patrick i think he knows you are here it is only tenthirty
yes patrick#bring us an ashtray for mr kimball please she whisks in with a crystal ashtray as they sit in silence
yes patrick#would you like to accompany me to dinner
that isif you are not doing anything#oh no i have no plans
oh no i have no plans#well is not this a coincidence
anywhere you want#let's not think about what i want how about anywhere you want
let's not think about what i want how about anywhere you want#oh patrick i cannot make this decision
oh patrick i cannot make this decision#no come on anywhere you want
no come on anywhere you want#oh i cannot  i do not know
oh i cannot  i do not know#come on where do you want to go anywhere you want just say it i can get us in anywhere
soooodorsia is where jean wants to go#oh i do not know no we will go anywhere you want
oh i do not know no we will go anywhere you want#dorsia isfine
yes you are dressedokay#you did not give them a name
you did not give them a name#they know me
jean sorbet#thanks patrick i would love some
want a bite#i am on a diet but thank you
i am on a diet but thank you#you do not need to lose any weight you are kidding right you look great very fit
you do not need to lose any weight you are kidding right you look great very fit#you can always he thinner lookbetter
you can always he thinner lookbetter#well maybe we should not go out to dinner i do not want to ruin your willpower
well maybe we should not go out to dinner i do not want to ruin your willpower#no it is all right i am not very good at controlling it anyway
do you have a boyfriend#no not really
did you know that ted bundy's first dog a collie was named lassie had you heard this#who's ted bundy
who's ted bundy#forget it
forget it#that is that
that is that#oh uh tape duct tape ineed it for taping something bateman goes back to the cupboard for the nail gun
oh uh tape duct tape ineed it for taping something bateman goes back to the cupboard for the nail gun#patrick have you ever wanted to make someone happy
jean what#make someone happyhave you ever wanted to
and do not forget you have a breakfast meeting with frederick bennet and charles rust at '21#thanks it slipped my mind completely
patrick batemangs office#jean hello jean
jean hello jean#patrick is that you
patrick is that you#hello jean i need help
hello jean i need help#where are you
where are you#jeani am not
jeani am not#craig mcdermott called he wants to meet you and david van patten and tim price at harry's for drinks
craig mcdermott called he wants to meet you and david van patten and tim price at harry's for drinks#oh god what did you say you dumb bitch
oh god what did you say you dumb bitch#patrick i cannot hear you
patrick i cannot hear you#what are i doing
what are i doing#where are you patrick that is wrong
where are you patrick that is wrong#i do not think i am gonna make it jean
what is it patrick are you alright#stop sounding so fucking sad jesus
so what do you do#what do you think i do
what do you think i do#a model an actor
a model an actor#no flattering but no
weltit depends why#well most guys i know who work in mergers and acquisitions do not really like it
oh really daisy he said  he said you gave him bad vibes#that isthat is too bad
that isthat is too bad#you think i am dumb do not you
you think i am dumb you think all models are dumb#no i really do not
no i really do not#that is okay i do not mind there's something sweet about you
well i mean um it s reallybosco you know like like a dove bar it is a dove barhershey's syrup#oh yeah oh i get it fun with chocolate
hubert's oh really it moved uptown right#yeah well oh boy listen i have got to go thank you uh victoria
yeah well oh boy listen i have got to go thank you uh victoria#maybe we could have lunch one day next week you know i am downtown near wall street quite often
maybe we could have lunch one day next week you know i am downtown near wall street quite often#oh i do not know victoria i am at work all the time
oh i do not know victoria i am at work all the time#well what about oh you know maybe a saturday
well what about oh you know maybe a saturday#next saturday
she is mycousin#uh huh
uh huh#she is fromfrance
elizabeth it is three in the morning#he is a goddamn drug dealer these are his peak hours
he is a goddamn drug dealer these are his peak hours#do not tell him you are here
do not tell him you are here#why would i
this tastes weird  harley it is me i need your services translate that anyway you would like i am at#you are at paul owen s
patrick you re a lunatic#come on do not you find christie attractive
come on do not you find christie attractive#let's not get lewd  i am in no mood to have a lewd conversation
let's not get lewd  i am in no mood to have a lewd conversation#come on i think it would be a turnon
come on i think it would be a turnon#does he do this all the time
are you telling me you have never gotten it on with a girl#no i am not a lesbian why do you think i would be into that
no i am not a lesbian why do you think i would be into that#well you went to sarah lawrence for one thing
well you went to sarah lawrence for one thing#those are sarah lawrence guys patrick you are making me feel weird
no i am sorry i should have made an appointment  was that anything important#oh that just mulling over business problems examining opportunitiesexchanging rumors spreading gossip
hi i am donald kimball#hi pat bateman nice to meet you
so that is the topic of discussion#i have been hired by meredith powell to investigate the disappearance of paul owen
i have been hired by meredith powell to investigate the disappearance of paul owen#you are not with the fbi or anything are you
you are not with the fbi or anything are you#nothing like that i am just a private investigator
nothing like that i am just a private investigator#ah i seeyes paul's disappearanceyes
ah i seeyes paul's disappearanceyes#so it is nothing that official i just have some basic questions about paul owen about yourself
no i am okay#perrier san pellegrino
perrier san pellegrino#no i am okay
mr kimball a bottle of san pelle#oh no i am okay
oh no i am okay#it is no problem
well that is the topic of discussion#the disappearance of paul owen
the disappearance of paul owen#oh right well i have not heard anything about the disappearance or anything  not on page six at least
oh right well i have not heard anything about the disappearance or anything  not on page six at least#i think his family wants this kept quiet
i think his family wants this kept quiet#understandable  lime
understandable  lime#no really i am okay
no really i am okay#you sure i can always get you a lime
how old are you#twentysix i will be twentyseven in october
twentysix i will be twentyseven in october#where did you go to school
where did you go to school#harvard the harvard business school
harvard the harvard business school#your address
your address#fiftyfive west eightyfirst street the american gardens building
fiftyfive west eightyfirst street the american gardens building#nice very nice
pardon me but are you okay#who do you ask
who do you ask#you seemnervous
bad habit#i know i am sorry
would you rather i not smoke#no i guess it is okay
no i guess it is okay#you sure
you sure#no problem 
how well did you know him#i amat a loss he was part of that wholeyale thing you know
i amat a loss he was part of that wholeyale thing you know#yale thing
yeahyale thing#what do you meanyale thing
sothere's nothing you can tell me about paul owen#he led what i suppose was an orderly life he ate a balanced diet
he led what i suppose was an orderly life he ate a balanced diet#what kind of man was he besides  the information you have just given
what kind of man was he besides  the information you have just given#i hope i am not being crossexamined here
i hope i am not being crossexamined here#do you feel that way
do you feel that way#no not really
no not really#where did paul hang out
yeah you knowhang out#let me think the newport harry's fluties endochine nell's comell club the new york yacht club the regular places
let me think the newport harry's fluties endochine nell's comell club the new york yacht club the regular places#he had a yacht
he had a yacht#no he just hung out there
no he just hung out there#and where did he go to school
anything else you can tell me about owen#we were both seven in 1969
we were both seven in 1969#so was i
so was i#do you have any witnesses or fingerprints
do you have any witnesses or fingerprints#well there's a message on his answering machine saying he went to london
well there's a message on his answering machine saying he went to london#well maybe he did huh
well maybe he did huh#his girlfriend does not think so
his girlfriend does not think so#buthas anyone seen him in london
buthas anyone seen him in london#actually yes
yikes no paul was not into that he followed a balanced diet and#yeah i know and was into that whole yale thing
had his apartment been burglarized#no it actually had not toiletries were missing a suit was gone so was some luggage that is it
no it actually had not toiletries were missing a suit was gone so was some luggage that is it#i mean no one's dealing with the homicide squad yet or anything right
i mean no one's dealing with the homicide squad yet or anything right#no not yet as i said we are not sure but basically no one has seen or heard anything
no not yet as i said we are not sure but basically no one has seen or heard anything#that is so typical is not it
that is so typical is not it#it is just strange  one day someone's walking around going to work alive and then
people justdisappear#the earth just opens up and swallows people 
the earth just opens up and swallows people #eerie really eerie
you will have to excuse me i have a lunch meeting with cliff huxtable at four seasons in twenty minutes#is not the four seasons a little far uptown i mean are not you going to be late
is not the four seasons a little far uptown i mean are not you going to be late#uh no there's onedown here
uh no there's onedown here#oh really i did not know that
listen if anything occurs to you any information at all#absolutely i am 100% with you
absolutely i am 100% with you#great and thanks for your uh time mr bateman
soyou hang out here a lot#uh yesi meanwhenever necessary you know
how is the investigation going taken anyone in for formal questioning #0h no informal conversations mostly that is that stoli
0h no informal conversations mostly that is that stoli#yeah no finlandia as usual fucking dump
i actually came to see timothy price but he is taken a leave of absence#yeah gone into rehab shame  is he a suspect
yeah gone into rehab shame  is he a suspect#not really
do you remember where you were on the night of paul's disappearance  which was on the twentieth of december#godi guessi was probably returning videotapes
i had a date with a girl named veronica#wait that is not what i have got
that is not the information i have received#welliwaitwhat information have you received
welliwaitwhat information have you received#let's see  that you were with
let's see  that you were with#well i could he wrong
well i could he wrong#wellwhen was the last time you were with paul owen
well thank you mr bateman#patrick please i hope i have been informative long daya bit scattered
never i meani do not really like singers#not a big music fan eh
not a big music fan eh#no i like music justthey arehuey's too black sounding for me
no i like music justthey arehuey's too black sounding for me#well to each his own solunch thursday i will call your secretary about reservations
well to each his own solunch thursday i will call your secretary about reservations#i will be there
no hash browns#not in the mood i guess
not in the mood i guess#buteveryone orders the hash browns here i mean it ishave you been here before
buteveryone orders the hash browns here i mean it ishave you been here before#yes of course the hash browns are delicious i am justnot ordering them
yes of course the hash browns are delicious i am justnot ordering them#suit yourself i guess
so the night he disappeared any new thoughts on what you did#i am not really sure i had a showerand some sorbet
i am not really sure i had a showerand some sorbet#i think maybe you have got your dates mixed up
i think maybe you have got your dates mixed up#but how where do you place paul that night
but how where do you place paul that night#according to his date book and this was verified by his secretary he had dinner withmarcus halberstam
yes and he denies it though at first he could not be sure#but marcus denied it
he does you are sure#i checked it out it is clean
i checked it out it is clean#oh kimball now where were you 
oh kimball now where were you #where was marcus
where was marcus#he was not with paul owen
he was not with paul owen#so who was he with
so who was he with#he was at atlantis with craig mcdermott frederick dibble harry newman george butner and    you
i am so hungry#it is cold out too is not it
it is cold out too is not it#i am so hungry
i am so hungry#why do not you get a job if you are so hungry why do not you get a job
why do not you get a job if you are so hungry why do not you get a job#i lost my job
gee uh that is too bad#i am so hungry
why do not you get another one why do not  you get another job#i am not
i am not#you are not what qualified for anything else
you are not what qualified for anything else#i am hungry
i am hungry#i know that i know that jeez you are like a broken record i am trying to help you
i know that i know that jeez you are like a broken record i am trying to help you#i am hungry
what am i gonna do#listen that is your name
you re so kind mister you are kind you are a kind man i can tell#shhhhit is okay
shhhhit is okay#pleasei don know what to do i am so cold
pleasei don know what to do i am so cold#do you know how bad you smell the stench my god
do you know how bad you smell the stench my god#i cannoti cannot find a shelter
hello halberstam nice tie how the hell are you#i have been great and you
how is the ransom account going marcus#it isit isall right
it isit isall right#really that is interesting  not great
really that is interesting  not great#oh well you know
oh well you know#and how is cecilia she is a great girl
and how is cecilia she is a great girl#oh yes i am very lucky
listen the mud soup and the charcoal arugula are outrageous here#yeah well you are late
we should have gone to dorsia i could have gotten us a table#nobody goes there anymore
so was not rothschild originally handling the fisher account how did you get it#i could tell you that halberstam but then i would have to kill you
and cecelia how is she where is she tonight#cecelia is wellyou know 
cecelia is wellyou know #evelyn great ass goes out with that loser patrick bateman what a dork
evelyn great ass goes out with that loser patrick bateman what a dork#another martini paul
paul give me your amex card good boy bateman slaps the card down looks at the check#twohundredandfifty very reasonable let's leave a big tip shall we my place hr a nightcap
twohundredandfifty very reasonable let's leave a big tip shall we my place hr a nightcap#no man i am gonna bail
hey halberstam#yes owen
no owen#is that a raincoat
is that a raincoat#yes it is
you think so#you will look like you consciously worked for the look
you will look like you consciously worked for the look#good point excuse me gentlemen
is it over#they still have to give 'em refreshments laced with mindaltering drugs
they still have to give 'em refreshments laced with mindaltering drugs#you are a fanatic
you are a fanatic#'gonna wait outside
alice you gotta make him do the startup with teddy and me#make him
make him#you know what i mean
i am just screwed#you know what he is like he just wants to work on stuff that is cool
you know what he is like he just wants to work on stuff that is cool#you do not wanna move do you
you do not wanna move do you#i can paint anywhere
it is important#if he is really a bully he will not cop to it anyway
if he is really a bully he will not cop to it anyway#bully are we talking about gary boyd or your dad
did not you visit the campus#i forgot that is why you have to help me decide
i forgot that is why you have to help me decide#no way you have this  destiny
no way you have this  destiny#c'mon i would not have a destiny without you my destiny would be dying at 20 from eating 
c'mon i would not have a destiny without you my destiny would be dying at 20 from eating #do not bring that up like a different girlfriend would would have let you die
do not bring that up like a different girlfriend would would have let you die#you saved my life in alot of ways
whengs brian coming for the tv#prob'ly waiting by the phone for outpost to call we will leave it for him
that took some fun out of #we are not gonna let it
you know he is never been anybody's counselor before#milo what about 
to our new life  that is wrong#that is what i need to ask you  you know you cannot keep anything from me
he is your boss he is not your #i know i know
i know i know#if you cannot deal with him on that basis you better get a new counselor
if you cannot deal with him on that basis you better get a new counselor#is not that  extreme
i mean if one little comment from gary is gonna upset you this much #you are right it is  a working relationship do not know what i was expecting
teddy was killed last night#what are you  what
what are you  what#it was a hate crime
are you saying you think they had something to do with his death nelson said it was an airtight case#i do not know what i am saying maybe  maybe they hired those guys
i do not know what i am saying maybe  maybe they hired those guys#i cannot see outpost putting its reputation in the hands of people like that
you are scaring me i think we should just go#go where you cannot get away from people like this
go where you cannot get away from people like this#like this it is gary you are talking about
like this it is gary you are talking about#you think i do not know that
you think i do not know that#milo why would he 
i cannot just walk away#you cannot just walk in either
i know how to get in there but you have gotta help me#whaddo i do
whaddo i do#so you believe me
the justice department guy who came to the apartment when #i remember
if i would stayed down there maybe this would not have happened#poor baby you know that is not true
why does not he ask us to his party he is never even met you#he has thousands of employees milo 
he has thousands of employees milo #it is for the museum he knows you are a painter if anybody should be invited 
are you gonna tell me where you went#i went to see the skywire model in gary's office you know just to hold it again
you look beautiful#yeah give me a goodbye kiss
do not we have any chopsticks#oh right hold on
wanna savor this#it is gonna get cold
it is gonna get cold#right wait a toast
right wait a toast#you are just afraid to eat it
he will tell me when he gets home#that will be a test will not it
that will be a test will not it#instead of busting my chops you should do something about that girl fire her or something
he was not acting#i do not think he knows how
do not worry milo i am here as a friend or maybe a supplicant#right that is that mean again
it is just  i kind of feel the need to do something with my ability create something#like i said shot in the dark
mr barton do you remember me#it is  milo is not it
it is  milo is not it#yes sir i need to talk to you
yes sir i need to talk to you#give me two seconds with lacy here  go on in i will not be a moment
yeah hi thank you for seeing me#have a seat
what seems to be the problem you look a little upset#i am i am sir
my friend my best friend teddy was killed in silicon valley#my goodness
if there's a civil rights violation but generally we let the local police and da do their work first#i  just wanna help bring these guys to justice they are neonazis
i  just wanna help bring these guys to justice they are neonazis#let me look into it see that is being done frankly it is not my area
let me look into it see that is being done frankly it is not my area#'just did not know who else to talk to
'just did not know who else to talk to#and outpost you are happy there
and outpost you are happy there#yes sir
well i parked illegally see y'later#'forgot to introduce you  i have a girlfriend
this is the biggest beta demo in like the history of software you would be my partner#you cannot preempt yoga that is our biggest show
you cannot preempt yoga that is our biggest show#brian you wanna be a big deal do not you that is your dream in life
will i get to work for outpost#no but you can write your own ticket in the valley after this we are gonna bring down outpost
you are interfaced with our dish#gimme the coordinates
is it your software#is it your dish
when did you know#you should have called a few times to bug me about your job prospects
that is gotta kill him right#outpost was his baby sure on the other hand we just learned gary boyd owns the skywire satellites personally
outpost was his baby sure on the other hand we just learned gary boyd owns the skywire satellites personally#outpost does not own em
that would change with a criminal indictment#there's no hard evidence he knew about this anybody who could implicate him seems to have vanished
there's no hard evidence he knew about this anybody who could implicate him seems to have vanished#is not there a stigma bankrolling this guy
is not there a stigma bankrolling this guy#stigma larry 60 billion buys you some slack in this world
stigma larry 60 billion buys you some slack in this world#and the kid who wrote skywire  then gave it away they are calling him the digital robin hood
and the kid who wrote skywire  then gave it away they are calling him the digital robin hood#milo surprised he is not your guest
milo surprised he is not your guest#we tried
we tried#you better believe everybody's trying to sign him up
milo i am danny#oh hi
'could not convince teddy to come#he is pretty tight with his family
he is pretty tight with his family#we could move 'em up here
we could move 'em up here#he just likes to write code he is bummed there's so much secrecy and competition everybody trying to own everything
who's that#i think they call him the houseman 'cause guard sounds too weird
would you like a coke or something#oh no thanks
you know a lot about art i guess#there's a rumor going around maybe you have heard it
when you get to a certain age you start wondering about your legacy i doubt you even remember outpost 10 #i do
no just waiting for my counselor to come by and introduce himself#okay i am gary
'think i should buy some originals#do i
do i#somebody said i am just another philistine with reproductions
somebody said i am just another philistine with reproductions#that is insane you are ahead of your time
that is insane you are ahead of your time#that is what i told her my wife
how is it going#maybe i am going too fast
maybe i am going too fast#too fast at least four companies are on the verge of workable convergence systems milo they 
it is okay really#take a look at this slightly different approach
you did this  overnight#you are making me young again
milo that is up#well  you sent for me
well  you sent for me#right right
you really wrote this just today#what are you implying
i heard what happened#were the flags for teddy
had you talked to him much lately#just once 'guess i was worried we did not have anything to talk about since work was offlimits non disclosure
just once 'guess i was worried we did not have anything to talk about since work was offlimits non disclosure#did you
did you#talk about work never
talk about work never#i meant did you find other stuff to 
i meant did you find other stuff to #oh yeah
oh yeah#you have been coming in early
you have been coming in early#it helps alice said it would help to focus on something   wouldo not know what i would do without her
wow you must have 20000 lines of code there#34000 but they are real short lines 'just came out that way
been thinking about the push mechanism in the handler and it came over me it is in the wrong place#the wrong place
the wrong place#the answer's not in the box it is in the band
gary hi#you look a little tired
you look a little tired#i am okay it is going well
i am okay it is going well#'have a look
that is great thanks#'sorry about the late notice
you could have handwritten it#i am not much good at handwriting or parties
i am not much good at handwriting or parties#oh that is right you are clueless
gary i #you see that is hanging on the wall
this is good who did it#'startup not 50 miles from here kid's on prozac
'startup not 50 miles from here kid's on prozac#maybe we should all get on it
what would the girl say#there may be a little less trust after your outburst
has not affected his work though#nothing does still i want him to like me
help me change the skywire settings add five degrees to each satellite coordinate#gary do not worry we 
gary do not worry we #just do what i am asking
okay 2#longitude 48 degrees 06 minutes 
ready for number three#let's go
let's go#longitude 109 
longitude 109 #wait he knows
all the companies know the faculties tell 'em at the target schools#in exchange for endowments they should just drop the pretense and name the schools after 'em
i think you should go#you do
you do#i mean it is your life
it is only meaningful when you have got 40000 lines of code to back it up#man could he write code totally elegant he had his own style
man could he write code totally elegant he had his own style#those really weird short lines
your app kind of blew mine out of the water#we will come up with the next big thing
we will come up with the next big thing#you wanna work  here
you wanna work  here#got out of my other commitment
could it be a glitch something the construction workers caused#unlikely all 14 cameras are frozen do we call randy and phil tell 'em there may have been a breakin
every entry was authorized#keep looking
keep looking#what are we looking for
what are we looking for#any irregularity in the pattern
delbert seems to enter 21 twice without leaving the first time#let's get him in here
get the backslash the colon keys kids do not use but geeks do  what would milo want in here anyway#they know 'just they do not trust me with it so we will get the evidence first ask questions later
you calling phil and randy#i am calling gary
come with me#where we going
now what are we doing i do not get any of this shit#i launched skywire just pray the last set of coordinates milo sent me connected us to gary's satellite
you know my name#you know mine
you know mine#you are famous around here
you are famous around here#i am getting a teacher's pet rep
i am getting a teacher's pet rep#i would not worry about it you have gotta figure most people around here were their teachers' pets
i would not worry about it you have gotta figure most people around here were their teachers' pets#were you
were you#we moved around so much i barely knew my teachers
we moved around so much i barely knew my teachers#me too were you an army brat or something
me too were you an army brat or something#something like that yeah
what have you got there#graphical interfaces for skywire i am s'posed to coordinate with you
graphical interfaces for skywire i am s'posed to coordinate with you#show me
did you wanna be alone#no please
mine's not the ceo he barely remembers to take a shower#right right but does he ever just like hand you code
right right but does he ever just like hand you code#maybe once i rewrote it anyway
maybe once i rewrote it anyway#you are compulsive
you are compulsive#mmmmore like  i have a little trouble trusting people
mmmmore like  i have a little trouble trusting people#why's that
why's that#long story not that interesting
so when you were talking about wishing people were more like computers was that then or now#then and now  but not right now
that is great i  did not know#she saved my life
i snuck into 21#why would you do a thing like 
is that my  scenario  tell me#they would frame him
they would frame him#he is out of prison
i always felt if a  boy i liked ever found out  he would run he would think i was unclean#no no never
what about the fbi#they have got this guy in the doj maybe others we tell the wrong person it is over
they have got this guy in the doj maybe others we tell the wrong person it is over#who can we trust
who can we trust#there's always a logical answer  you just have to define the question
the mainstream media tv or a newsmagazine#right but gary's tiedin to a lot of media conglomerates have to be careful who we pick
right but gary's tiedin to a lot of media conglomerates have to be careful who we pick#we could crossreference a data base on media ownership but not on our own computers not even at home
we could crossreference a data base on media ownership but not on our own computers not even at home#certainly not at my happy home
it is a standard gui once i have got a concept it is maybe three day's work#gary knows i am close on skywire we have to do this fast
gary knows i am close on skywire we have to do this fast#before they kill somebody else too
before they kill somebody else too#oh man i would have to get into gary's house to get the satellite positions
oh man i would have to get into gary's house to get the satellite positions#you mean  break in
you mean  break in#i do not know 
why were you so careless#i thought the worst they would do is fire me who knew they took termination so literally
why were you snooping in my office#oh  i liked you i was checking you out
'think everybody in this place is here the same reason we are#'cause their apartments might be bugged
i told teddy about you#what would he say
what would he say#a beautiful geek what are the chances
great i knocked off the aglet as soon as i get a passable version of skywire we are there#the dishes are juiced up too
the dishes are juiced up too#thank god
thank god#milo shrot suspects somebody broke into 21 i was in his office when he was reviewing the card readouts
same with the excerpts i am choosing they will play against any of the images you described#perfect  how am i gonna get away from the party long enough to 
perfect  how am i gonna get away from the party long enough to #you could always say you have to go the bathroom
you could always say you have to go the bathroom#that is lame is not it
that is lame is not it#you will come up with something
please do not go#at this point the worst thing i could do is anything out of the ordinary
meet me at the other location#tell me you are not calling on your car phone
they know i had no choice get out of the house now do you have a laptop#it is three years old it 
it is three years old it #bring it to the other location
bring it to the other location#but you said the other 
maybe it is the satellite#let's try 2
latitude 47 degrees#wait a second he knows i know
you got my email#and your phone messages you wanna do what you do it is not a crime
and your phone messages you wanna do what you do it is not a crime#is that how larry feels
is that how larry feels#uh not exactly
wanted to say goodbye to him#hey we got seed money for the startup a millionfive
they are in the neighborhood they usually hassle vietnamese grocers#jesus teddy
i met this girl#what come on is it serious
what come on is it serious#i do not know
i do not know#did you tell alice
a beautiful geek i do not wanna sound paranoid or like a pig but what are the chances#what d'you mean
what d'you mean#i dunno i guess larry's got me totally suspicious of that place
i dunno i guess larry's got me totally suspicious of that place#what does that mean
what does that mean#milo geeks do not have two girlfriends most do not have one
milo geeks do not have two girlfriends most do not have one#i did not plan this
so  how far are we from the campus#oh we are not going to the campus
so how would you like the house#his snapples were in alphabetical order
his snapples were in alphabetical order#well he micromanaged the company till it got too big  'guess he needs to micromanage something
every geek here's got a thing for lisa but that is about the biggest reaction she is had to anybody#she is a programmer
she is a programmer#heavy graphical background doing designinterface for skywire apps  you will be working with her
heavy graphical background doing designinterface for skywire apps  you will be working with her#i have got a girlfriend remember
i have got a girlfriend remember#right that is rare around here you know how nuns' remarried to jesus 'posties are married to outpost
we tried the big vaporware number gary it is nosale#can we buy into their ipo or is that a justice dept problem
maybe he will get back to work#speaking of which
speaking of which#yeah yeah
did you download corey in san jose#damn 'have to go back over there  be so much easier if we could walk in the front door
damn 'have to go back over there  be so much easier if we could walk in the front door#you do not look anything like a three yearold
there's nothing in this hall someone's pulling your chain as usual#unless it is a diversion milo's in my office he was tailgating so i 
that kid's the great white hope#i could get it out of him
i could get it out of him#you are not listening
who are these guys#where is he
where is he#we are too late take a look
fellas i am gonna have to ask you to leave here now#wait a second i am the one who found out he was mucking around in here in the first place
wait a second i am the one who found out he was mucking around in here in the first place#we are all grateful for that really go out the way you came in
you seem surprised to see me#i thought you would quit while you were ahead
i thought you would quit while you were ahead#what and watch all my earnings go  down the toilet
what and watch all my earnings go  down the toilet#what do you want mr cunningham was it
what do you want mr cunningham was it#call me ritchie miss fagina may i call you alotta  please
call me ritchie miss fagina may i call you alotta  please#you may
you may#your boss number two i understand that cat's involved in big underground drills
your boss number two i understand that cat's involved in big underground drills#virtucongs main interest is in cable television but they do have a subterranean construction division yes how did you know
virtucongs main interest is in cable television but they do have a subterranean construction division yes how did you know#i did not baby you just told me
come in#i would rather talk about number two
i would rather talk about number two#do not you like girls mr cunningham come in and i will show you everything you need to know
in japan men come first and women come second#or sometimes not at all
or sometimes not at all#care for some saki
care for some saki#saki it to me
how do you feel mr cunningham#mmmm i feel extreme relaxation
thank you that is beautiful to your health#to my health
to my health#kiss me
do you mind if i ask you a personal question#is it about my teeth
damn what exactly do you do at virtucon#i will tell you all in due time after we make love but first tell me another poem
austin powers hi i am andy warhol#hey how are you
i am going to paint this can of soup and become famous and not give you any credit for it#if you can become famous everyone will have their fifteen minutes of fame man
if you can become famous everyone will have their fifteen minutes of fame man#fifteen minutes of fame i am going to use that quote and not give you any credit for that either
just where you would never think to look for him we will be there#good luck austin
good luck austin#thank you
thank you#oh and austin
be careful#thank you  let's go baby
where am i#you are in the ministry of defense it is 1997 you have been cryogenically frozen for thirty years
you are in the ministry of defense it is 1997 you have been cryogenically frozen for thirty years#who are these people
who are these people#the shouting is a temporary side effect of the unfreezing process
the shouting is a temporary side effect of the unfreezing process#yes i am having trouble controlling  the volume of my voice
russian intelligence are you mad#a lot's happened since you were frozen austin the cold war's over
a lot's happened since you were frozen austin the cold war's over#thank god those capitalist dogs will finally pay for their crimes against the people hey comrades
thank god those capitalist dogs will finally pay for their crimes against the people hey comrades#we won austin
we won austin#groovy smashing good on ya  nice tie yea capitalism
when do i begin#immediately you will be working with ms kensington
immediately you will be working with ms kensington#you mean mrs kensington
you mean mrs kensington#no austin mrs kensington has long since retired ms  kensington is her daughter
thank you exposition#oh and austin
thank you exposition#oh and austin
right away exposition#where is vanessa by the way
she is working on another lead right now#then you will have to go it alone good luck
then you will have to go it alone good luck#thank you basil
thank you basil#oh and austin
let me remind you that because of the unfreezing process you might experience flatulence at moments of extreme relaxation#oh yes thank you
oh yes thank you#there's one more thing austin
be careful#thank you
thank you exposition only two things scare me and one is nuclear war#that is the other
that is the other#excuse me
excuse me#that is the other thing you are scared of
my god austin what have you done#that is not your mother that is a man
i am sorry basil i thought she was a man#damn it man you are talking about my mother
all right austin i think you should go#i think if everyone were honest they would confess that the lady looks exactly like a man in drag
i think if everyone were honest they would confess that the lady looks exactly like a man in drag#i am leaving  oh and austin
i am leaving  oh and austin#yes basil
yes basil#be careful
i would say that about sums it up exposition#not quite actually vanessa i have something for you
congratulations field agent kensington#austin i have something for you as well
here's the number of my dentist he is first rate ring him up he will look after you#thanks basil maybe the nineties are not so bad after all
but wait i you got me again oh and austin#yes basil
yes basil#be careful
hey austin powers it is me mick jagger#hey mick
hey mick#are you more satisfied now sexually austin
are you more satisfied now sexually austin#well you cannot always get what you want
well destructacon 5000 you have quite a head on your shoulders i dare to coin#yes i am programmed to answer any question
yes i am programmed to answer any question#really let me ask you this what is love
really let me ask you this what is love#that does not compute
that does not compute#why not it is a question
why not it is a question#love is love is love is
that is why right now is a very groovy time man we still have freedom but we also have responsibility#really there's nothing more pathetic than an aging hipster
it seems the tables have turned again dr evil#not really kill the little bastard see what i care
not really kill the little bastard see what i care#man you are one chilly square
that is fascinating vanessa listen why do not we go into the back and shag#i beg your pardon
i beg your pardon#i have been frozen for thirty years man i want to see if my bits and pieces are still working
i have been frozen for thirty years man i want to see if my bits and pieces are still working#excuse me
excuse me#my wedding tackle
my wedding tackle#i am sorry
i am sorry#my meat and two veg
have you ever made love to a chigro#a chigro
a chigro#you know a chigro part chinese part negro  chigro
you know a chigro part chinese part negro  chigro#we do not use the term 'negro' anymore it is considered offensive
we do not use the term 'negro' anymore it is considered offensive#that is right you are supposed to say 'colored' now right  here's the stewardesses bring on the sexy stews
do i make you horny randy you know to you am i eros manifest#i hope this is part of the unfreezing process
i hope this is part of the unfreezing process#listen vanessa i am a swinger that is what i do i swing
hey who put this in here someone's playing a prank on me  honestly this is not mine#i am sure
i am sure#i think i will give that stew a dinga ling
i love las vegas man oh i forgot my xray glasses#here use mine
i cannot see a bloody thing#oh i forgot to tell you they are prescription xray glasses i have very bad astigmatism
good morning luv who are you on the phone with#do you want to talk to him
a limousine has just pulled up#let me see
hello hello that is dr evil's cat#how do you know
how do you know#i never forget a pussy cat
let's go get him#he is too wellprotected right now
he is too wellprotected right now#we cannot just sit here austin
i do not get it#well you know cows and shagging
well you know cows and shagging#unfortunately while you told that stupid story dr evil has escaped
unfortunately while you told that stupid story dr evil has escaped#no worries luv we will just give basil a tinkle on the telling bone
i hate having my picture taken#you are crazy the camera loves you vanessa
fancy a nibble#i could not have another bite
watch out you are on my hair#sorry move your hand to the left there you go gorgeous
sorry move your hand to the left there you go gorgeous#go just go
i have not had fun like that since college#i am sorry
always wanting to have fun that is you in a nutshell#no this is me in a nutshell
you are smashed vanessa#i am not
i am not#oh yes you are
oh yes you are#i am not i am the sensible one i am always the designated driver
really austin#look at her hands baby those are carpenter's hands
austin may i have a word with you#of course luv
do not be sorry you are right to be suspicious i shagged her i shagged her rotten#i cannot believe you made love to her just like that did you use protection
i cannot believe you made love to her just like that did you use protection#of course i had my ninemillimeter automatic
of course i had my ninemillimeter automatic#no did you use a condom
no did you use a condom#only sailors use condoms man
only sailors use condoms man#not in the nineties
not in the nineties#well they should filthy beggars they go from port to port  alotta meant nothing to me
yeah i cannot believe liberace was gay women loved him man i did not see that one coming#basil was very concerned to know where you were last night
basil was very concerned to know where you were last night#out and about doing odds and sods
out and about doing odds and sods#i will tell him by the way i have decided we should keep our relationship strictly professional
you know who#no do not lay your hangups on me vanessa you are being very trippy
no do not lay your hangups on me vanessa you are being very trippy#i am looking at you and the whole time i cannot help thinking you had your willie inside her hootchiekooch
thank god austin we made it#yes act naturally and we will split this scene the way we came in vanessa
does that make you horny#not now austin
first i plan to soil myself then i plan to regroup and think about the next move any thoughts#sadly no hold on i always keep this on me just in case
no no no we will use the floss to get to the ledge#smashing idea give it to me
it is a shame he was not more headstrong#shut up
shut up#fair enough
i am not going anywhere we are a team#too right youth that is why i need you to lead the troops
too right youth that is why i need you to lead the troops#i will hurry back
i can explain they attacked me gas came out of herwell and then they and i#i believe you austin let's go
i believe you austin let's go#hold on a tick let me put on my togs
follow me we are going to have to jump over the rail#are you crazy
are you crazy#do not worry
austin i am coming with you#i am going it alone this time vanessa i have a followup visit with the evil doctor
i am going it alone this time vanessa i have a followup visit with the evil doctor#i will secure the perimeter
i have something to tell you#lay it on me
lay it on me#i love you austin
i love you austin#that is fab because i love you too vanessa
that is fab because i love you too vanessa#kiss me
danger powers personal effects#actually my name's austin powers
actually my name's austin powers#it says here name danger powers
it says here name danger powers#danger's my middle name
that is not mine#one credit card receipt for swedish made penis enlarger pump signed austin powers
one credit card receipt for swedish made penis enlarger pump signed austin powers#i am telling you baby that is not mine
i am telling you baby that is not mine#one warranty card for swedishmade penis enlarger pump filled out by austin powers
one warranty card for swedishmade penis enlarger pump filled out by austin powers#i do not even know what this is this sort of thing ai not my bag baby
i do not even know what this is this sort of thing ai not my bag baby#one book swedishmade penis enlarger pumps and me this sort of thing is my bag baby by austin powers
everything seems to be in order#hey wait a minute
here have a piece of gum#here have a piece of gum
do not mind if i do#hey wait a minute that is my last piece of gum
no no i want you to have it even if it is my last piece#no no i want you to have it even if it is my last piece
no no i want you to have it even if it is my last piece#i am going to go across the street and get you some sherbert
what are you saying son#it appears to be in the shape of bob's big boy sir
shut up#should we scramble tachq for an intercept
should we scramble tachq for an intercept#that is its current position
commander i have to log it#that is a direct order you did not see a thing
we have got a lot of work to do#someone help me i am still alive only i am very badly burned
someone help me i am still alive only i am very badly burned#some of you i know some of you i am meeting for the first time
some of you i know some of you i am meeting for the first time#hello up there anyone can someone call an ambulance i am in quite a lot of pain
hello up there anyone can someone call an ambulance i am in quite a lot of pain#you have all been gathered here to form my evil cabinet excuse me
ow you shot me#right okay moving on
right okay moving on#you shot me right in the arm  why did
well after a few years we got sort of impatient dr evil i want you to meet your son#my son
my son#yes  scott
quite impressive#thank you herr doctor
dr evil#yes what is it you are interrupting my moment of triumph
they are mutated sea bass#really are they illtempered
really are they illtempered#please allow me to demonstrate
we have heard from scott now let's hear from you#the details of my life are quite inconsequential
the details of my life are quite inconsequential#that is not true doctor please tell us about your childhood
but scott who's going to take over the world when i die#not me
an evil vet#no maybe like work in a petting zoo or something
no maybe like work in a petting zoo or something#an evil petting zoo
an evil petting zoo#you always do that  anyways this is really hard because you know my dad is really evil
fascinating what are your plans for this evening#thought i would stay in there's a good tittie movie on skinemax
thought i would stay in there's a good tittie movie on skinemax#and that is how you want to live your life is it
and that is how you want to live your life is it#yeah what
scott i want you to meet daddy's nemesis austin powers#why are you feeding him why do not you just kill him
why are you feeding him why do not you just kill him#in due time
in due time#but what if he escapes why do not you just shoot him what are you waiting for
fine whatever mutated illtempered sea bass it is  come let's return to dinner close the tank#are not you going to watch them they will get away
i have a gun in my room give me five seconds i will come back and blow their brains out#no scott you just do not get it do you
come everyone let us repair to the main chamber project vulcan is about to begin scott are you coming#i do not want to
i do not want to#do not you want to see what daddy does for a living
do not you want to see what daddy does for a living#blow me
blow me#what did you say
what did you say#show me
dad we just made a breakthrough in group#i had the group liquidated you little shit they were insolent
i had the group liquidated you little shit they were insolent#i hate you i hate you i wish i was never artificially created in a lab
i hate you i hate you i wish i was never artificially created in a lab#scott do not say that
virtucon alone makes over nine billion dollars a year#oh really  onehundred billion dollars  ok make it happen anything else
how is austin#he is asleep
he is asleep#you did not
you did not#oh god no i made him sleep on the couch
i just do not see it#just wait once austin gets you in his charms it is impossible to get out
just wait once austin gets you in his charms it is impossible to get out#did you ever
did you ever#of course not i was married to your father
of course not i was married to your father#did you ever want to
you did not answer my question mum#i know let me just say this austin was the most loyal and caring friend i ever had
no it is been too long best to leave things alone#i am on with a friend  look i would better go i love you
i am on with a friend  look i would better go i love you#i love you vanessa
so scott why do not we start with you why are you here#well it is kind of weird
well it is kind of weird#we do not judge here
and how do you feel about that#i do not wanna take over the family business
we do not label people here scott#no he is really evil
i just think like he hates me i really think he wants to kill me#ok scott no one really wants to kill anyone here they say it but they do not mean it
we are not yet open for business i am afraid#shame i was recommended by a friend
sir august merryweather i was looking for something relaxing say a tuscan hillside in june#normally we would be eager to oblige 
of course natural weather delivered to your door on demand down your phoneline for limited periods#you do not say how real does it feel
you do not say how real does it feel#as real as you wish hot or cold humid or dry anything you like within reason
as real as you wish hot or cold humid or dry anything you like within reason#there are limits
how long have i been here#three days
would that i could say the same#ah but you have not see the real me watch closely 
have we met#you mean you do not recall
ah beautiful just as he promised#promised who promised
promised who promised#there look
may i help you madam #mr john steed please
mr john steed please#i am afraid that is impossible
you are female#as you see
as you see#then you cannot come in
then you cannot come in#i have an appointment
i have an appointment#no women not in boodles not since 1922
no women not in boodles not since 1922#really  what happened in 1922
sir august   sir august  #eh in here
your voice  it is so familiar #we have met 
this is not a game#quite right but we still make the rules
quite right but we still make the rules#rules are made to be broken
rules are made to be broken#people too
people too#then who wins
my number two special assignments she is #let me guess  'father'
how curious #something strange is happening and whoever knows about it does not want us to find out
would it be possible to use it for military purposes#directed by laser bounced by satellite quite possible
i resign#you need treatment mrs peel  you cannot resign
you need treatment mrs peel  you cannot resign#watch me
what are you trying to do to me#we want to help
the death of peter peel was a great loss to us all #to you  
the institute  the funding #a cover  for us  i am sorry
this is an official matter mrs peel no need to take it personally where are you going#to find out who killed my husband
to find out who killed my husband#the doors and walls are monitored mrs peel this is a very secure establishment
the doors and walls are monitored mrs peel this is a very secure establishment#so am i
about your next assignment mrs peel #next assignment
ahem as i was saying perhaps another macaroon #thank you steed
good luck  peter  emma#thanks valentine 
a slight miscalculation  my face was burned beyond recognition fortunately my research into plastics came in handy #dr darling peter  all you 
dr darling peter  all you #an unholy trinity 
an unholy trinity #you killed my husband
you killed my husband#for starters of course i had to kill the teddy bears as well 
for starters of course i had to kill the teddy bears as well #too many cooks 
too many cooks #spoil the majority shareholders in wonderland weather i planned everything even the ministry recruiting you 
spoil the majority shareholders in wonderland weather i planned everything even the ministry recruiting you #but i found you all the clues led me here 
but i found you all the clues led me here #of course i planned that too
of course i planned that too#but  why
but  why#you disappoint me emma  cannot you guess  for you it was all for you 
you disappoint me emma  cannot you guess  for you it was all for you #'our revels now are ended'
'our revels now are ended'#oh no emma they have only just begun 
think of this as your second wedding feast #i am already married 
you know i believe she is actually jealous#valentine listen to me 
valentine listen to me #right bridesmaid now what have i left out oh yes i know the ring
that is better i say is not this where you came in it is impenetrable by the way #you are mad
you are mad#entirely on the other hand  mad people get things done let me show you 
such as#destruction of their local weather systems i can zap a thousand chernobyls into the air
destruction of their local weather systems i can zap a thousand chernobyls into the air#the result would be 
the result would be #chaos transport paralysis crop failure  economic disaster frostbite or sunburn  on a massive scale you have seen a few samples
chaos transport paralysis crop failure  economic disaster frostbite or sunburn  on a massive scale you have seen a few samples#then that is stopping you
doctor peel i presume#and you must be steed please do not get up
i was about to throw in the towel#i had a spot of bother at the door
i had a spot of bother at the door#i should not wonder not a woman inside boodles since 
i should not wonder not a woman inside boodles since #1922 why the kippers
1922 why the kippers#red herring would have been too obvious do not you think
red herring would have been too obvious do not you think#so what was all this  some sort of test
so what was all this  some sort of test#congratulations you have penetrated a bastion of male privilege i guessed you were not a stickler for tradition doctor
congratulations you have penetrated a bastion of male privilege i guessed you were not a stickler for tradition doctor#whereas you are
whereas you are#dyed in the wool but i can admire someone who does not play by the rules
dyed in the wool but i can admire someone who does not play by the rules#rules are made to be broken
rules are made to be broken#not by me play by the rules doctor or the game is nothing
not by me play by the rules doctor or the game is nothing#and just what is the game
and just what is the game#i say this is all terribly formal must i go an calling you dr peel
i say this is all terribly formal must i go an calling you dr peel#under the circumstances you may call me mrs peel
under the circumstances you may call me mrs peel#much better
 showers followed by sunny periods#we are not here to talk about the weather surely
ah  from trubshaw's  my shoemaker#a kipper or a red herring what were they investigating
my father always wanted a boy#really  i fail to see the connection
really  i fail to see the connection#i had a feeling you would touche
do you#yes indeed i need protection
i thought we were on our way#oh absolutely but trubshaw's a man worth meeting no point setting out half shod
oh absolutely but trubshaw's a man worth meeting no point setting out half shod#or half cocked
you can but i wish you would not #thank you trubshaw 
that place is so absurd so out of date #do you really think so
you know what i mean this car  and you nobody walks around like that milk#not all tradition is bad mrs peel no thank you
and i suppose you are the knight#the most unpredictable piece on the board and always ready to protect his queen
the most unpredictable piece on the board and always ready to protect his queen#that is predictable when i find a queen in need of protection i will let you know
sir august merryweather  why are we seeing him first#as per mother's instructions
as per mother's instructions#do we always follow mother's instructions
do we always follow mother's instructions#for a man in my position 
they call me in when they have reached a dead end freelance like yourself#i have no choice why should you risk your life
i have no choice why should you risk your life#after our fencing match i was rather hoping you would do the risking more tea
after our fencing match i was rather hoping you would do the risking more tea#no thanks
no thanks#i meant me
not so much eccentric more barking mad he has a wife called june and a daughter somewhere  julie#june july  august
june july  august#the family does seem to be somewhat meteorologically inclined
the family does seem to be somewhat meteorologically inclined#any other vices
so  i distract him while you snoop around how#small talk  try the weather
ah brenda   mrs peel#you should be dead  how do you feel
i was not about to#i mean your man trubshaw  your bulletproof waistcoat  i thought you were just overdressed
i mean your man trubshaw  your bulletproof waistcoat  i thought you were just overdressed#i might say the same
mother and dr darling have me under observation they think i tried to kill you#why should they think that
why should they think that#you told them you said i arrived on a camel shot you four times left you for dead
you told them you said i arrived on a camel shot you four times left you for dead#frankly that is how i remember it
frankly that is how i remember it#but that is absurd i may not be overfond of you steed but it is not my style
but that is absurd i may not be overfond of you steed but it is not my style#perhaps your memory plays tricks mrs peel
did he say who#no but he must know incidentally my double left you with this
an invitation to a 'formal picnic'#did you say formal i must dress
i must say you look more your old self #you mean my other self 
you mean my other self #either way  may i ask why you dress in that fashion
either way  may i ask why you dress in that fashion#i should have thought that was obvious   i am in mourning
colonel crabtree international satellite systems formerly of the ministry#how on earth can you tell
elementary mrs peel trubshaw is not the only shoemaker still practicing his trade #very good steed 
what on earth#any ideas
any ideas#well he was a fellow of the royal zoological society 
well he was a fellow of the royal zoological society #is that written in his shoe
is that written in his shoe#common knowledge mrs peel 
common knowledge mrs peel #she had this in her mouth there there
for you mrs peel#thanks   i see what you mean about letting me do the risking  hello
not quite this is my field#is there anything that is not
but if someone miniaturized the process#that is what we were working on
that is what we were working on#sounds as if someone's hijacked your research
three agents killed by bad weather# and by you mrs peel 
 and by you mrs peel #then a mad millionaire head of a secret defense establishment a group of eccentrics obsessed by weather 
then a mad millionaire head of a secret defense establishment a group of eccentrics obsessed by weather # and by you mrs peel everything points to you  no sisters  no undiscovered twin
 and by you mrs peel everything points to you  no sisters  no undiscovered twin#not that i know of  explanation
is that what you think#oh well   just my type mrs peel
do you always drive this fast#have i trespassed on a male prerogative  we are being followed i saw him at trubshaw's 
this must be the last straw#here's the one that broke the camel's back
here's the one that broke the camel's back#someone did not want us to get to the party
someone did not want us to get to the party#i expect we will have to gatecrash
was i#i expect that is for you to know and me to find out 
i expect that is for you to know and me to find out #it was peter  i saw him 
to kill me#nothing personal
i could save you the trouble#no trouble
no trouble#because you always obey orders 
because you always obey orders #always  except 
and do you trust me#i could be convinced if  i knew who poisoned me in the maze that kiss 
i could be convinced if  i knew who poisoned me in the maze that kiss #it was not me you have my word
mmm  what are you doing#keeping a stiff upper lip
keeping a stiff upper lip#is that all
but you did suspect me#not for a moment
not for a moment#you are playing games
you are playing games#are not we all mrs peel
are not we all mrs peel#i thought you played by the rules
i thought you played by the rules#i thought you did not
i thought you did not#i am playing to win
i am playing to win#winning is not everything
winning is not everything#please do not tell me it is how you play the game
please do not tell me it is how you play the game#after you  mrs peel 
no after you#you do not trust me
you do not trust me#as far as you trust me
i told mother i took care of you#you lied
you lied#i equivocated but you are not their big worry at present it is dr darling  he is disappeared 
drat someone wants to implicate you in this affair mrs peel any idea who#no idea who no idea why 
no idea who no idea why #teddy bears cuckoo clocks toys all childrengs things 
teddy bears cuckoo clocks toys all childrengs things # or grownups who still like to be children
 or grownups who still like to be children#quite any childhood friends enemies
quite any childhood friends enemies#not to speak of peter and i were both loners there was nobody
his name's jones 'invisible' jones#why's he called 'invisible'
why's he called 'invisible'#you will find out
are not you coming#i will catch you up do not worry he is expecting you
we must hurry mrs peel #hurry  what for  i am just now 
hurry  what for  i am just now #you did not tell her
there's a reception this evening colonel jones thinks it advisable we attend#have we been invited
that is that you are wearing#it is called black leather
it is called black leather#intoxicating here have one of these
what is it#limpet bomb small very compact from trubshaw's
limpet bomb small very compact from trubshaw's#when all this is over we simply must get you out of that suit
when all this is over we simply must get you out of that suit#you first
you first#shall we
trubshaw again what now#snuff  i must insist you try some
they are playing your song mrs peel#'the merry widow' i might have known where is the reception
bad news father's looking for you where are those bloody ministers#have a look at this
i will be back #where are you going
where are you going#laying in supplies mrs peel weather may get very nasty and i have no umbrella 
laying in supplies mrs peel weather may get very nasty and i have no umbrella #you need not bother i cannot drag you further into this after all i am still the chief suspect
you need not bother i cannot drag you further into this after all i am still the chief suspect#no bother mother and father think i have joined you i might as well
oh and by the way i think it is about time you got rid of that chip on your shoulder#if you would been through what i have you would not 
mrs peel#what kept you
what kept you#the plot  hello we must be going 
'the owl and the pussycat went to sea '#' in a beautiful pea green boat'
' in a beautiful pea green boat'#a fine night mrs peel 
a fine night mrs peel #still a bit chilly 
still a bit chilly #english weather you know after all we have been through i should say we deserve a long holiday 
english weather you know after all we have been through i should say we deserve a long holiday #have you any place in mind
have you any place in mind#as a matter of fact i have 
i do not recall siberia being this warm steed#it is the latest thing mrs peel
it is the latest thing mrs peel#our little paradise  just made for two
our little paradise  just made for two#not quite
our chaperon#pity your mother came too 
ah  sun tan lotion any shops nearby#must be trubshaw's busy i will send mother 
your mission is simple find out how and why these agents died#i am no spy  where do i fit in
think of it as special assignment mrs peel with a twist you are our chief suspect#you are saying i have no choice
where is mother#mobile hq in a blue funk  cannot take chances i am looking after things while he is hiding out 
you do not believe him#it is mother you have to convince he is very agitated  wait here
ah here we are steed asked me to play a hunch  valentine peel#peter's brother  but 
peter's brother  but #halfbrother to be precise
now let's see  eton cambridge  research into robotics and plastics overtaken by peter's work on the physics of climate change #i know all this
i know all this#do you also know that during your final experiment your halfbrother inlaw was under surveillance
do you also know that during your final experiment your halfbrother inlaw was under surveillance#surveillance by whom
surveillance by whom#father she gave him an 'all clear' after a security test by dr darling
father she gave him an 'all clear' after a security test by dr darling#who's now vanished
who's now vanished#makes two of us
makes two of us#are you suggesting that dr darling and valentine were somehow in this together but that is absurd
i was getting to it#getting to what
getting to what#the world council of ministers meets tomorrow to convene the new global defense initiative 
the world council of ministers meets tomorrow to convene the new global defense initiative #i fail to see 
under the circumstances mother did not see fit but i think i can get you in #well i cannot possibly go like this
privately owned by #let me guess  wonderland weather
let me guess  wonderland weather#very good mrs peel 
very good mrs peel #i shall need a small plane
i shall need a small plane#you are not venturing alone surely
you are not venturing alone surely#i am going to find out who killed my husband will you take these documents to steed
a series of bizarre shifts in local weather patterns #global warming
global warming#jungle plants in the arctic a lush english village transformed overnight into african scrubland blizzards in summer
we know one thing that suspect was not mrs peel#so you say 
oh hello #we want mrs peel
we want mrs peel#dead i am afraid
how did you guess#you reek of mrs peel's black leather 
you reek of mrs peel's black leather #it was you who gave valentine peel his security clearance  you are the mole who betrayed the ministry
mother i thought you were burglars#brenda and i thought we would drop in
weather's turning nasty#you did not come to talk about the weather surely
you did not come to talk about the weather surely#oh yes i did i want you to meet somebody  i expect you will like her
think she really killed those agents#she may not know theory goes she may be very ill
something went wrong system malfunction explosion mrs peel had a narrow escape suspected sabotage nothing proven file still open#how come you took so much interest in her dr darling
this man  did you see him#no her husband she says alice tried to warn us a trap tell mother beware tell father that is all
pity i was growing fond of mrs peel unfortunately #guilty until proven innocent
guilty until proven innocent#mother and father know best
i was hoping you could tell me#you are getting yourself into terrible trouble my son weather's turning very nasty  and so am i
are you alright young man#i think so thank you so much 
cocky little bastard i hope he was a baddy#i feel sure of it
i feel sure of it#i am alice mother said you would be on your way mrs peel with you
i am alice mother said you would be on your way mrs peel with you#she was 
you with mother or father#both actually
wonderland weather ltd#this way 
mrs peel  #ask not for whom the telephone rings 
ask not for whom the telephone rings #no please i beg you 
no please i beg you #walk over to the window 
walk over to the window #let it be rain please let it be 
let it be rain please let it be #stay by the window by the window
john steed#valentine peel i see you have gone back to using your original face
valentine peel i see you have gone back to using your original face#the last one you will ever see
the last one you will ever see#perish the thought
you are better than i expected#i was at harrow 
i was at harrow #but did they teach you this
bangbang  you are dead#you wish
one shot  for emergencies#that is not playing by the rules
that is not playing by the rules#rules are made to be broken
rules are made to be broken#if you say so
if you say so#i do
you said  one shot#did i my mistake
are not you forgetting about something#you are and it is behind you
you are and it is behind you#come come you do not really expect me to fall for 
that is happening#debbie's marrying rick
does cole know about this#really  you went with him for two years
look at that guy what a hunk#check out the other guy's buns
debbie i do not believe it i am so excited#bobbie what are you talking about
bobbie what are you talking about#o'neill just tole me it is sooo great i do not believe it
he still thinks i am going with him i am going to break the news to him tomorrow#he is not gonna be happy and your parents cannot be too thrilled either
what do you think's gonna go on at the guys' party#they will probably get drunk and watch dirty movies but do not worry about the dirty movies
they will probably get drunk and watch dirty movies but do not worry about the dirty movies#what do you mean
what do you mean#i forgot to tell you yesterday i found a bunch of pornos in the back seat of o'neill's car
i forgot to tell you yesterday i found a bunch of pornos in the back seat of o'neill's car#you are kidding
you are kidding#nah everything's cool i took care of 'em 
that is what we are going to find out#i feel like i am spying on rick
deb we are pretending to be hookers#right in here the big show starts in one minute
i am glad you guys came by that is the occasion#rick's got an important announcement to make
rick's got an important announcement to make#yeah what is it
yeah man let's throw a bachelor party with drugs booze and broads#yeah right all the things that make life worth living
where is the women man we gotta have women#chulo one thing at a time
chulo one thing at a time#sex is my one thing i am good at it
hey you guys that is going on#we are going for a little liquid refreshment
we are going for a little liquid refreshment#great i will go with you wait a second hey raul move that car will you
i have decided not to run for president#too bad man that blows my chance to be ambassador to france
man you are losing your audience#okay this is it i am getting married
yes gentlemen saturday after next i lose my amateur standing and turn pro#hey man congratulations
you sure gary's got this whole party deal together#yeah man he is got us a great room at the hotel and lots of chicks
yeah man he is got us a great room at the hotel and lots of chicks#i hope so hundred bucks apiece is a lot of dinero
i hope so hundred bucks apiece is a lot of dinero#what time are we supposed to get to the hotel
all right#when do the girls get to the party
denmark makes great nautilus equipment#i would like to jerk and press those babies
cole do not you know it is bad luck to see the groom before the wedding#i want debbie
you dump her and i will give you cash#that is debbie's blue book value right now
that is debbie's blue book value right now#five thousand dollars
seventyfive hundred#not interested
not interested#okay ten thousand plus a ge toaster oven a litton microwave a cuisinart
okay ten thousand plus a ge toaster oven a litton microwave a cuisinart#i am marrying debbie
i am marrying debbie#michelin tires brand new a set of sears best metric tools
michelin tires brand new a set of sears best metric tools#what is this persongs story here
thanks dad  cole go away#he is gonna hurt you debbie he will never be true to you the way i would
he is gonna hurt you debbie he will never be true to you the way i would#thank you we will all keep that in mind 'bye now
rick i want to talk to you#ah cole  i do not remember ordering an asshole from room service
i do not want any trouble#oh come on just a little
oh come on just a little#i am ready to make you another deal
i am ready to make you another deal#ooh be still my heart
ooh be still my heart#see that down there that is my most prized possession my new porsche
great car#the best
the best#i love that car
i love that car#i am very happy for you two
i will trade you my porsche for debbie an even swap#the car for debbie
the car for debbie#i mean it the car is yours dump debbie
i mean it the car is yours dump debbie#gee guys what should i do the car or debbie
low mileage handles like a dream#so does debbie
shit shit shit shit my car's gone#maybe it had something to do
rick debbie is mine she will always be#cole when was the last time you had a lobotomy
cole when was the last time you had a lobotomy#you have had it i am gonna get you
cole what the hell are you doing#she is mine
mr thomerson#yes son did you find out where the bachelor party is
yes son did you find out where the bachelor party is#yes i did
yes i did#fine how is everything going
fine how is everything going#not so good he would not listen to reason he stole my car my porsche i cannot find it anywhere
hi everybody am i late#not at all we are just finishing lunch
so cole you been practicing your game#sure have
nice shot#thank you sir
was hyperactivity but i knew better (savoring) president simpson has a nice ring to it does not it boy   ?
(warming to it) hm yeah#now go get 'em
hmmm lisa needs to go to the museum tomorrow and i think you should take her#the museum
hmmm huh#tomorrow ugh oh marge i'd love to but i was planning on sleeping eating a big sandwich watching tv spending some time with the boy spending time with the boy the boy needs attention marge
(mock concern) me too mom i think they are drifting apart#shut up boy
homer please#marge you do not understand i can not do it because you are trapped if you were smarter you might think of something but you are not so you just might as well all right all right i will take her (to himself) lousy brain
int museum  admission area  day)#hey what do you mean by "suggested donation"   ?
pay any amount you wish sir#and what if i "wish" to pay zero   ?
then it is up to you#oooh so it is up to me is it   ?
yes#(chortles) i see and you think that people are gonna pay you four dollars and fifty cents even though they do not have to just out of the goodness of their (scornful laugh) well anything you say good luck lady you are gonna need it
hi lisa#hey you do not have to pay read the sign
ewww gross#ohh pretty creepy still i'd rather have him chasing me than of the wolf man
mr simpson i am gonna be presumptuous i have noticed that lisa seems to feel she has no strong male role model#she said that   ?
well no she did not say it but you know she#(shaky) but you can tell right   ? she looks around and sees everybody else's dad with a good education youthful looks and a clean credit record and thinks "why me   ? what did i do to deserve this fat old piece of  " (crying)
mr simpson you have got to be a bigger man there is a wonderful girl's future at stake#(snapping out of it) well if she is so wonderful give her an a
i am giving her an a#great but do not tell her it was a favor to me tell her she earned it
mr simpson she did earn it#you are smooth i will give you that
